He vision of , Postal Law Compilation.
" . WASHINGTON, Jan. ia-The work of
revising the compilation of the postal
.laws and regulations will be completed by
the Postofflce Department in the course
oX \ a .fortnight or ' so. - The present com
pilation of these laws and regulations was
issued at least ten years ago,; since which
time. there have been radical changes,
which 'make it Inadvisable to send any of
.the '¦ old -. compilations " In response to the
demands of ' postmasters throughout • Uu
/country.*,
The norther here Is abating, but the sea
still is very rough. The French; Spanish.
British, German and American line steam,
ers are anchored outside the harbor, being
unable to reach their docks.
constructed for ; use as an auxiliary
cruiser of the ' Chilean navy : In case of
"war. The matter has been referred to tha
company's headquarters at Valparaiso.
this district, had- a conference yesterday
•with Ehrman & Co. and proposed to char
ter or • buy the steamer Lantaro of the
South" American line. ' The Lantaro ¦ Is of
2600 tons." and arrived at Panama yester
day with a crew for the Chilean warship
recently purchased- at Newcastle, Eng
land. It Is-a powerful vessel and was
President Iglesias of Costa Rica, cabled
to Ehrman , & ¦. Co. , * the agents of th«
Chilean j line of steamers, to send the
Tucapel to take himself and twelve others
to Corlnto. The agents asked a largs
sum for the passage of the Costa Rlcan
President and his friends, and as this dis
patch Is sent it Is expected that an accept
ance of the'agent's offer has not been re
ceived.
General Alban, the military, governor ot
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 10.— The Presi
dents Invited by President Zelaya of Nica
ragua to attend, a meeting at Corrato,
Nicaragua, are those of Costa Rica, Hon
duras, Guatemala and Salvador.
Combination -Against Colombia.
If Castro is defeated anarchy. It is
feared, will prevail' for a time. American
interests in Venezuela are extensive and
they must have protection. Th Indiana
will 'be able to reach La Guayra In a few
hours and can land a force sufficient to
proceed to Caracas and protect the Amer
ican legation if it is in danger.
Official denial is given to reports that
the purpose to assemble American men
of-war in Venezuelan waters has any
connection with the proposed demonstra
tion of Germany and the reported inten
tion of France to carry out a programme
similar to that .of the Berlin government.
Germany Is considerately awaiting the
outcome of ' the revolution In Venezuela,
as she promised the authorities here aha
would do." It is confidently expected by
the administration that if General Mato3
succeeds Castro as - President It will ba
able to use its influence to effect an ami
cable adjustment of the various questions
pending between Venezuela and the Euro
pean states.
„ No comprehensive advices concernis*
developments in the 1 evolutionary situa
tion-have been received by the State De
partment. Such information as has come
is of a fragmentary character. It con
firms the,press dispatches showing that
the : revolution is making progress, and
the intimation Is thrown out that Castro
will , not be able to maintain himself at
the head of the government.
Stats of Anarchy Feared.
\ No 1 instructions have yet been issued to
Rear Admiral Higginton . to sail for La
Guayra. With his squadron he la maneu
v'ering oft Culebra Island. From Culebra
he will sail for Guantanarno, touching en
route at. a Porto Rlcan port. The authori
ties say that it is unnecessary to direct
Rear. Admiral Higginson to be In reaui-
E<ess'tfr; proceed to Vtneiuela. He is pre
pared to sail the moment he is ordered to
do so. ,
British. German and French vessels ar»
also gathering in the vicinity of Vene
zuela, and they will be represented at La
Guayra in case of trouble. Because the
administration deems it advisable that the
senior officer present shall be an Ameri
can, it desires that Rear Admiral Higgin
son shall be with his flagship at the sea
port of Caracas when conditions require.
•A formidable naval representation will
then occur at La Guayra. It will consist
of the battleship Indiana, now at Cura
cao, the battleships Kearsarge, Alabama
and Massachusetts and the gunboat Mari
etta, all under command of Rear Admiral
Higginson, the commander In chief.
CALL BUREAU, HOC G STREET, N.
W., : WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— The over
throw of Castro in Venezuela will be fol
lowed by. the dispatch of the entire North
Atlantic ¦ squadron to the wvaters of that
country. .
Special Dispatch to The CalL
¦Revolution. Is Making Good Progress
and the Unpopular Chief Execu
' tive Is in Dangsr of Be
ing Deposed.
Powers Fear State of Anarctiy
x if Colombian Government
Is Defeated.
French, British and Ger
mans Also Prepar
ing to. Act.
nsoN's
1T11L
WARSHIPS GATHERING IN VENEZUELAN WATERS,
AWAITING THE OVERTHRO W OF PRESIDENT CASTRO
: -OAKLAND, - Jan. 10.— Dr. H. B. ; Mehr
'mann.T- Coroner •¦' Alameda I County, is
confined to his home in Golden Gate, suf
! f ering : . from ' a ; severe • attack T of • mu3cular
JrheuraatismvS^Sffi
Coroner' Mehrmann HI.
r ; NEW-YORK," Jan; 10.-^-At a meeting.' of
the members of the Produce Exchange ot
New, York to-day, a majority, of the firms
having commercial relations with Cuba
being represented, resolutions: were adopt
ed*'declaring. It to . be the sense of the
meeting "that Congressshould give imme
diate' , relief * to" tjie *• strained situation' in
Cuba .•¦by', a -substantial' reduction in the-
tariff 'duties 'on: Cuban^ Imports Into the
•United States, as recommended by Presi
dent^ Roosevelt. : This is demanded by -'
every \ consideration ''.*-. of 47. generosity and
: fair.- dealing \ and \ the welfare : of '. Cuba, to
which V.we : are ' pledged,*. and . to.the ."great
betterment ot commerce." ; i, r : '
Desire \ Cuban Tariff - Reduced.
The Chancellor said he regretted the In
cident, which had too. long inflamed .pub
lic opinion in both -countries. " : He ', hoped
that in future the endeavor to liveon'go'od
and friendly relations with England would
In no way be disturbed. \ ., ¦ ; :
The Chancellor/concluded with an ex-^
press! on of approval of. the '-recent' speech
made by Prince von Wolff- Metternich.: the
German Embassador. to Great" Brltaln.'at
Hamburg, advocating '- more cordial rela
tions with Great Britain. ;;
Tbe Chancellor, '. Count von Bulow.
making a' general reply, took .occasion 'to
pour oil on the recently, troubled' British
v/aters. He spoke sharply; against the
abuse of Chamberlain, the Colonial Secre
tary, indulged in by several speakers since
the opening of the debate,'; as "well as
against the aspersions cast on i the honor*
61 the British army, to which the Chan
cellor paid a warm tribute. , ¦..-..¦
BERLIN, Jan. 10.— During the debate on
the estimates in the Reichstag to-day
Herr Basserman. declared that- the Na-.
tlonal Liberal party would oppose 'any
•suggestion of a loan of 33.000,000 inarks to
cover the deficit. Financial reform was,
necessary and the National Liberals were
tiot averse to direct imperial taxation.,.
Special Diepatch to .The - Call.
dujs^'than chicken pox; usually Isi '. _ None
of jthose who 'have • the disease . are. seri-f
ousiy, ill and the majority 'of the
spend their /days', sitting in- windows 'and
watching the. passers-by. ' , . ' ¦,; ;:
v Dr. ' Asa Clark, superintendent of the
Stockton; State Hospital' fort the Insane, 1
to-day 'advanced ah original theory, to
account ¦'for .^the"; dlseaEe -. being of ; so ', mild
a t o'rmr. ' He ; said : '^N , ' ; . ; .' • ' J
¦ "For s generations the ¦ custom \ of vac
cinating against smallpox has been grow^
Ing until at present you will find comparal'
tively .few .who have not been vaccinated,
and . It V Is ' the rule * for persons of \ middle
age.td ; have.-: been -. vaccinated * several
times.',;.' .;.; r-,,/\;\ ' ':¦..['¦.;¦; ' .'¦":' :¦.?'.'':
¦- "Now, -myi theory^ is; that increased; vac-:
clnatlon, : through" severalfgenefations;- has
evoluted ; "against . smallpox • until , the \ malf
ady'i of instead^of : being, deadly]/
y STOCKTON, Jan. 10.— Local physicians
disagree as to the character of and proper
name- for the disease which has > been
termed smallpox in this'cltyt ;Some main
tain that' 1 Jt Is genuine smallpox, ; only 'in
a very mild form, while as many others
assert . that it is not smallpox or variolold.
All agree, that the disease is less dangeri
Special Dispatch to The'Call.' :
is . it 5 was . flf ty^ years ago, - has ; come; to \ be
'nothing (but Va mild { contagion" ¦ in- the > ma
jorlty; o_f {caaes, % } If; my .theory, is fcprrect;
the diseaseVwill entirely 'disappear * a 'few
years *hepce.".;V .r" : i; -:";.J-;'ri 1 j; ;':, ; .- _y^ : , <'- :
'General '¦ Bell ; : visited .' the ' clt jr .'"' , for - •- four
hours ;. to-day/ and ; had a f conference ;,wl tri
Gehefal ; Chaff ee. ),* He says i. ; the • present
campaign' is'securing valuable* result's' "and
;that'lt ; i»5 possible JMalyar,": the
leader.lwillisurrender^'nextrweek:^; '.".. ..-, ;
MANILA, Jan. : 10.'— Colonel Marisegan,
Major Cabrera .' ; and f a .'• renegade . priest
named Castillo; who stole a valuable im-.
age;of: the '-Virgin from a * church,' r \ for
which he obtained a largefsum of 'nicniey,'
have surrendered unconditionally 'to Gen-'
eral Bell, ¦ who; is condiictingithe . campaign
against the insurgents in Ba.tan'gas.Pro
vince/ i They ; had control of ' the district [of
Toael, extending westward "to" -the /sea,:in
cluding the towns of :.Banan and Guenoa:
iThe agreement is that- these ; chiefs ' shall
on; Monday ". absolutely surrender' (every
'man and ". gun I in . their; district/ {¦ It' is "esti
mated \that /160 guns, win be An.
Many; men; and guns have been ; captured
during Jthe, past ' few days and • smallTen
gagements - : .; r : ; j
Special Dispatch to' The, Call.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— The release . of Miss
Ellen Stone by the • brigands who have
held her In captivity - since*' September ',3
is believed to J>e only a Question of hours/
"An official -.telegram received in London
this r afternoon. '. which .'Ijwais ' ; dispatched {
from Constantinople r after. midday to-dayi
says the -release : of Miss- Stone Is . immi
nent. . ' '•;¦-",'"' '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
; / In the. evening "Admiral and' Mrs/ Schley
occupied a" box at , [' the . theater/ .where
[ Mnie." Nordlca sang. ..AVhen .'the -. audience
recognized 'him . there; was ' "enthusiastic
"cheering; of , such volume and
as* to~[ temporarily, delayi the performance!
After- an' encore Mnie. -Nordlca- crossed to
fth'e ', box; arid; shook 1 hands^^with;; Admiral
' Schley : . while : the; audience stood and
cheered; ..Upon the conclusion orthe even
; ing's- bill; appar en tly'pfaetically:, the 'whole
audience^.waitedj at -the dooV and ; cheered
i'th'e admirarashe entered his carriaBe'arid
'drove away. y';The.lpubllc reception to-mor^
row "will last two hours. •-."
.'SAVANNAH, 10.— Rear "Ad
miral '; Schley, '•' accompanied ; by,' his wife.
arrived 1 ! In .' this 'city ; this 'i afternoon one
hour and "a ; half \ late. - .The -. station :. was
thronged with people, who .waited patient-'
ly.to'greet him. As he alighted the cheer
ing ' was v deaf ening. ;. Mayor~ Myers and ; a
delegation of f Aldermen extended the ad
miral -a:.' cordial - Veicome ¦} and asked his
consent"; for- a 'formal; reception to-morrow,
afternoon ; atiJtheXCity'; Hall.\* -The^ admiral
agreed; V Carriages ; were ' then -;. taken ; for
the fesidence.of [Generaif W.-W. h Gordon,
'where ''Admiral and Mrs. . Schley ;/wiil i visit
for ten' days. General Gordon was a mem^
hereof <. the 'Porto ..Rlcan.. Commission,, of
which" Admiral^ Schley/was r a' member.; ;
. .; Special 'Dispatch- to" The Call.
German Chancellor Regrets
Storm Caused by Criticism , :
of Chamberlain.
Brigands May |Turn , Over
Their Captive for Part
of Ransom.
Dr. Asa >C1 ark Believes ; the
Disease Will Soon Disap
/ : .pear Entirely; .'-
Filipino :¦: Leaders of Batangas
Promise -to Yield ; All>Men)
' and'Guns; 1 ':• ¦ " : •
":^= Officer's Arrival.
Series of ; Oyations •'. Received
' -'- ; From the ; Time « of the :
VON BULOW TRIES
TO CHECK THE WRATH
OF BRITISH PEOPLE
SAYS VACCINATION
RENDERS SMALLPOX ,
NO LONGER DEADLY
RELEASE OF MISS
STONE IS EXPECTED
IN A SHORT TIME
SAVANNAH PEOPLE
CHEER THE POPULAR
ADMIRAL SCHLEY
CHIEFS SURRENDER
UNCONDITIONALLY
TO GENERAL BELL
YOUNG LOOKOUT LYNCHER WHOSE CpiNFESSIpN; H
.'%.--• ¦ , •'"..•' ¦ ". -¦ ' " :¦¦ . -.;.¦¦¦ ••.;>•.¦.¦!¦"-'.¦,-,•. '¦':¦'..; ,-- ;¦, : V. t : .*..-- "¦ •¦•-.-¦• .--¦¦• — ; — • ¦ ; ;
rtan:h mine on Wednesday a ratchet on
the hoisting drum slipped. Seven men
wcr* In the skip" going down, while threw
were in the one coming up. The engineer
tried, to stop both skips, but' did not suc
ceed until the one just starting down
reached the 1100-foot level, at which point
the men were let off without any one be-
Jng: hurt.
The skip that started up had risen about
TOO leet. where it began falling. The en
gineer could not check It and it struck
the bottom of the 6haft with tj^tnaendous
force. Strange to say, two of its occu
pants escaiwd with fractured ankles,
while -the third scaped uninjured. The
shaft Is a slight inCljie.
Explosion Kills Three Men.
HUNTI2CGTON. W. V«u. Jan. 10.-A
boiler exploded at the lu-r.ber mills of
Lewis Midkiff, in the soutiiern part of this
county, to-day, killing three persons and
Injuring several others. The dead are:
Lew.* Midkiff of Pomeroy. Ohio; Burt
Trippett; Benjamin Messenger, 6aU Rock
W. Va.
Skip Falls Seven Hundred Feet and
Occupants Escape Serious
Injury.
ANGELS CAMP, Jan. 10.— As the day
hien were going on shift at the Sheep
MINERS' THEILLING DBOP
DOWN INCLINED SHAFT
the accused men were entitled to chal
lenge the jury, in view of the fact that the r '
jury Jiad been working on this case for
many ,inonths and J that during .that time
the minds of the members became infiu*
enced against the suspects. The discus
sion continued for sereral hours this
afternoon, both sides resorting to reading
from the Code.
The defense claimed that a member of
the jury had not power to make a per
sonal investigation and report the facts
as h« found them to his fellow jurors;
that such an act disqualified the entire
jury, and that if a member of the jury
had reported certain facts to his fellow
jurors he had no place in the investiga
tion which might follow.
Th€: prosecution argued that the men
now in custody had r.o standing in court
for the reason that no charges had been
preferred against them: that they were
simply being held on a warrant issued
by Judge E. M. Cherry and on a com
mitment issued by Judge Harrington in
his denial of the habeas corpus petition of
Brown; that not until charges had been"
preferred could the defense challenge the
jury.
Aeslstant Attorney General Post said
that the jury had been organized many
'months ago and that if it had formed
- opinions as to the culpability of certain
persons it was only natural. But had
opinions been expressed by members of
the jury before the formation of that
body the right to challenge could hardly
be denied.
The prosecution argued that the defense
presumed' greatly in assuming that in
dictments were to be returned against any
of those In custody. The Grand Jury was
not bound by an act of any magistrate,
and the accused must have been held to
answer at the time the Grand Jury was
sworn in before he could question quali
fications of an Individual juror; In short,
before a person had a standing in court
he must get into court.
Jury -ras based on the grounds that sev
eral members had expressed opinions
aversei to the prisoners and that the
Grand Jury was not a competent body by
reason of these alleged statements. The
challenge was pointed particularly at four
men, viz: Heard, Brown, Cannon and
Kistler, foreman.
In their opening address, counsel for the
defense Bald they were ready to prove
that Heard was a party to the prosecu
tion; that be had acted the part of de
tectivu for the prosecution and that he
had aided the prosecution materially in
obtaining the confession of John Hutton
and hid promised Hutton immunity from
punishment. Counsel also declared that
Heard had been promised financial reward
for his-services.
Juror Brown was accused of being a
resident of Oregon and not eligible to
serve on the Modoc County Grand Jury.
He was quoted as having said that he
would indict the accused men under .the
circumstances, whether the testimony
warranted it or not. . /¦¦?%
The principal question involved, anil :
i;poa which the argument of the entire
£sy ¦* as ¦based. uas tI3*:-"''- Whether or "not
lynching.
The attempt to challenge the Grand
ALTURAE, Jan. 10.— Counsel for
the alleged Lookout lynchers
played a new card to-day and
lost. An attemot was made to
have the Modoc County Grand
\ Jury brought Into court, in
ftrder that it might be challenged by the
men now held on the charge that they
took part In the hanging of Calvin Hall.
his three eons and Daniel Tantls. After
en anrument that lasted the entire day.
Judge Harrington overruled the motion of
the lynchers* counsel. Following this
ectlon the Grand Jury to-night returned
Indictments against eight of the men now
in custody for alleged complicity in the
Special Dispatch to The CalL
- ¦- ' .. ' ' - ' ¦ - ¦ ':
Each side ar sued on the same line for
several hours, at the , end of which the
court ruled In favor of the prosecution. . ¦,
H. P. Heard and J. O. Boothe,' business .
men of Grants Pass. ."Or., arrived > herb
this evening. They came to appear in be. •
half of Brown, whom they gave', a good -
character. Brown was formerly a butcher
in Grants' Pass. :
Accused Men Fail In an Attempt to Challenge
die Investigating Body on the Ground
That It Is Prejudiced Against Them
MODOC GRAND JURY,
SUSTAINED BY COURT,
INDICTS PRISONERS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAM FK ANCISCto, SATORD^Y^: jjab y , a902;;
VOLUME XCI.— NO 42.
The San Francisco Call.Stops the Cough
And works off -the 'cold. ;•' Laxative , Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure f a . cpld ; In - one : day. ?" No
: WASHINGTON, Ja'n. v lO.-Representa
tive Sherman of New York to-day, intro
duced a bill' continuing. in ;' force. all laws
prohibiting the coming of Chinese.
Continues Exclusion' Laws!
CHICAGO. ; Jan. 10.— At .' a *> meeting . of the
Hamilton- Club i to-day details of the entertain
ment- of -Admiral -Schley -during -his '.visit - to
Chicago January ; 25, ' 20 . and : 27 were i worked
out. . ...,-> •' / : ¦ : ¦>¦-'; • ' :
To > Determine CaTvrftin's CanaHHhi.
Jan.' lO.-^An; army, re
tiring board; has, been appointed 5 to-deter
mine I whether; Captain ; Matthew 'A> Bat
son;; Fifteenth Cavalry, is physically cap.'
able of performing active military : service
in : command ; of . a ; company of Macabebo
scouts; In; the Philippines: ;•¦•>. -v ¦ =•- •
f ¦¦-¦¦¦ :• •'. '"¦'¦¦-. — -"-— — ' T: . ; |
k WASHINGTON, Janf 10.— A call "has .been
Issued for . the fourteenth annual convention > of
the National i'j Railway -'• Commissioners ,-, to be
held : at f Charleston, . S. C, Tuesday, Feb-
Itchingi Blind,' Bleeding, or Protruding' FJies.
No Cure, No Pay.. All druggists are authorized
by man uf acturers of Pago Ointment - to refund
money: where it falls 'to cure any. case of piles,'
no matter of how long standing.' Cureq ordinary
cages in six days; -worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives'ease and rest. Relieves
Itching Instantly. .This Is a new discovery,' and
is the. only pile remedy -cold on 'positive: guar
antee, no cure no pay. .' A free sample; will :db
sent by mall to any pne sending name 'and ad
dress. Price. 50c. If your druggist don't keep
it In stcck send 50c in stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO./; St. 1 Louis, Mo.,': who
also . manufacture the celebrated cold . cure,
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne" Tablets: ¦ ¦
Piles Cured Without 'the Knife.
:_ NEW .', YORK. . . Jan. 10.— Ex-President
Grover « Cleveland has so ' far '-* recovered
from the of his recent* attack of
pneumonia as • to have : arranged ¦ for • a
hunting trip <tp- the South. He will leave
his home at Princeton, N.<J., January, 22,
for an island off Georgetown, S. C, where
with, a party of friends he will remain
several , days.- ... . ;
Cleveland to Go , Hunting. •
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— Christopher
Miller, 30 years of age, hanged himself
in the • bathroom of. \ his son's home
early to-day. A » week "-ago the old man
was much grieved by the death of his sis
ter-in-law at the age of 81 years, and nis
mind was further upset by reading of the
accident in the New 'York Central' tun
nel on Wednesday.
Aged Han Commits Suicide.
Arbitration Prevents a Strike.
BOSTON, Jan. 10.— A r strike threatened
by the teamsters of this city has been
averted by an agreement reached tornight
at a conference at the rooms of the State
Board of Arbitration. The new agree
ment, which is for a year commencing to
day, will be signed to-morrow by the
Master Teamsters' Association, represent
ing 2S3 master teamsters, who employ 4500
men, and by the Team Drivers . Union.
The teamsters carried practically j all j of
their points. The dispute was one over
work hours. A schedule of wages Is in
cluded in the settlement
Wants to Know the Charges.
HAVANA, Jan. 10.— Miguel Gener. the
Mayor of Havana, who has been suspend
ed from .office for alleged incompetence
and -inattention to tbusiness, has Issued a
manifesto in which he repeats a previous
statement that he will answer the charges
against him when he knows what they
are. Senor Gener says also that he now
knows that he -was removed from - office
because he voted for General Maso, Dem
ocratiq candidate, for the Presidency, in
the recent elections.
LAREDO, Tex.', Jan. 10.— A Monterey
(Mexico) special says: It is announced
that the consolidation of the Mexican Na
tional and Mexican International railways
will be consummated and both properties
placed under one management not later
than June 1 of , this . year. The Mexican
International Railway is now controlled
by Speyer of New York. This consolida
tion. If accomplished, probably will re
sult in a fight with those in control of
the Mexican ¦ Central for. railroad su
premacy in Mexico.
Mexican Railroads to Combine.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— The sub-com
mittee of ihe Senate Committee on Com
merce having In charge the ship' subsidy
bill spent about three hours to-day In go-
Ing over the report on that bill, which
has been , prepared by Senator Frye. The
report is a very voluminous document and
the 6Ub-committee decided ..to have it
printed before action is taken on it. It is
expected that it will be accepted at a
meetinsr of the sub-committee whlrh wia
.be held early next week, and ¦ Senator
,Fry« hopes to secure the favorable action
of the full committee when ft meets next
Thursday. The report includes a careful
analysis of the bill and explains In detail
the effect of Its various provisions.
Report on Ship Subsidy: Bill.
PARIS, Jan. 10.— M. Waldeck-Rousseau,
the Premier, will 'deliver an important
speech at St. Etienne next Sunday, when
he will define the entire policy of the Gov
ernment; As this occasion will • be the
opening of Ahe Ministerial electoral cam
paign' several -members- of ¦ the French
Cabinet will accompany the Prime Minis
ter to'. St. Etienne and about 100 Senators
and Deputies will be present there. The
walla of St. Etienne are covered with Pos
ters. The Nationalists and the non-Min
isterial Socialists are calling upon " the
population of the town to refrain from
sympathetic demonstrations on the occa
sion of M. Waldeck-Rousseau's speech.
These .manifestoes may lead to hostile
outcries, although serious trouble is not
likely.
French Policy Will Be Outlined.
Will Represent Labor Federation.
Edward Rosenberg, secretary of the
Sari Francisco Labor Council, has been
chosen by President Gompers of the
•American Federation of Labor 'to repre
sent . the federation at the State Labor
Congress which is to meet, at Tacoma on
next • Wednesday. Rosenberg Is to ! assist
In the formation of a State Federation In
Washington similar to the one which was
recently formed at Vallejo. . -S^.- ;
submit without afurther struggle. Senor
Aceval's Presidential term w/>uld have
expired next November, but the question
of succession caused the revolt. •
Paraguayans who are temporarily living
in Buenos -Ayres believe that .the over
throw of Senor Aceval will cause a rad
ical change in the foreign policy of Par
aguay. rSenqr Aceval is known as the
friend of "Argentina, while his opponents
are bitter enemies of this country. Senor
Aceval is also a great admirer of. the
United States. h ¦
CLEVELAND?: Ohio, Jan. . 10.^-It . " was
stated to-day that unsecured ; creditors of
the Everett-Moore syndicate, representing
$1,400,000, out of a total of .51 ,600,000; have
signed agreements to • grant • extension of
their claims .covering a period of eighteen
months. ' Chairman;; Newcbmb : of , the
bankers* committee, 'is authority for the
statement that ' the Sandusky division of
the ' Detroit and - Toledo Shore line had
$40,000 on deposit with the Euclid Avenue
Trust and Savings Company,- which- went
into the hands: of; a receiver; to-day.' and
said that unless some other way . of c ob
taining money/ was devised the employes
of that division;- to whom the money was
to be paid for labor, would have to wait.
CREDITORS ARE WILLING
TO EXTEND THE j CLAIMS
When Senator: Fleyas. made'/av motion
that President Aceval should be summari
ly deposed Senator Bogarni protested. The
large crowd which filled the chamber, in-'
suited Senor " Bogarni, - -who lost jhis self
control and bitterly, reproached the mob
Many Wounded During Fighting,
BUENOS AYRES, Jan. lO.-The
latest news from /Asuncion
shows that blood has ¦ been shed
in the Paraguayan ' revolution
: which overthrew: President •Ace
val so quickly. It is probable that. there
will be a further struggle,' as^Presldent
Aceval has been released from prison. > A
plot to depose Senor Aceval [was decided
upon at a. conference . .between General
Caballero, General' Escobar, Colonel Es
carra, Minister of War:, Senor Moreno,
Minister of Finance; and Senator Fleyas.
This revolutionary committee sent a depu
tation to President Aceval to. request him
to resign. Senor Aceval emphatlcally.de
cllnad. As a declination was expected, a
detachment of cavalry was placed within
easy call. The cavalrymen were ; sum
moned and the President was taken off to
prison. • ¦ .
Another cavalry detachment was sent
to the residence of -General Egusqulza,
former President of ¦<¦ Paraguay, but
that gentleman had . been apprised • of
the coup d'etat and sought safety at the
Argentine legation- ¦. '¦ ¦-. '. .'.J
President Aceval's family soon after ar
rived at the legation and were received by
the Argentine officials. Many friends of
Senor Aceval also found an asylum there,
for there was fear that the revolutionists
would deal harshly with them. ' .;
The worst features of the revolt were
seen in the Senate at noon yesterday, for
the chamber was transformed Into-a-bat
tlefield.- ; : . v ;•¦;-..... ., - ¦'•¦
Jan. W.-rRepresenValve
Lovering of : Massachusetts 'to-day lntror'
duced a ¦ bill providing a salary ' f or> ex-
Presidents of the United ;States at" the
rate . of < $25,000 annually . from ; the ' date of
retirement from the Presidency, bill
Is to apply ; to any ex-President living , at
theitime-the law is enacted. .^ i
Salary, for Ex-Presidents.
BAILEOADS REQUEST
- EXCHANGE OF PASSES
/.CHICAGO, £an. IQ.-So , far /as 'the ¦ . terri
tory pr the Central Passenger Association
is the anti-pass | agreement 1 has
apparently been broken past all mending
for another, twelve months at least. Cir
culars : were .received, in- Chicago i to-day
which ¦ , were Issued -, by ? the • Pennsylvania
and the Lake: Shore i roads -announcing
that for;;the.. year 1902 exchange .passes
would be given and inviting - the. same.
Similar ;, notices are being issued by . all
the lines. ¦ . ' . > rj ._¦¦.:•- -:¦::¦?: .5
..The decision to abrogate the ¦ agreement
was ; reached in ' a meeting ' of the trunk
line presidents in New York 1 two days
ago,-at which it was decided that condi
tions were not favorable for carrying out
the agreement in Central Passenger As
sociation > territory - : . '. •
Congress ¦ then ' decided ,. by vote-that
Senor Aceval was no longer President of-
Paraguay, and. that he was succeeded by
Vice President Hector Carvallo. - .
The" new President formed the following
Ministry: Senor Eduardo Fleyas, Minis
ter of the Interior ; Senor Moreno, Minis
ter ; of t Finance ; Senor ' Manuel Domin
guez.j Minister: of Foreign Affairs; Min
ister of/War, Colonel' Escurra, and Min
ister of Justice, Senor Jose Irala. : •
.'Latest advices, froni Asuncion are that
Senor, Aceval and his • partisans , will not
President Aceval Deposed.
Senators Corvelan and Fleyas, General
Cabellero and Deputy Carreras were se
riously wounded; Fifteen other persons
also received. wounds which are- not dan
gerous: Soldiers finally entered the cham
ber, and- comparative peace was estab
lished. ¦--.;..-. - •_ • •• " .- . . ;
for Its interference in Congressional de
liberations. ..'..< ¦
Some person in the crowd fired a revol
ver, and. that was the signal for a general
conflict... Revolvers and other weapons
were drawn and great disorder, including
the firing of shots, prevailed. ;
General Escobar in the . meantime ap
proached the window' and made a sign to
the commander of; the troops, which were
drawn, up in front-of . the , Congressional
building. The commander misunderstood
the signal, which was meant to have the
soldiers march into the Senate Chamber.
Instead of giving the order to march the
commander directed the troops to • fire.' "A
fusillade of bullets was directed against
the windows and doors.
This caused a panic . inside the Senate
Chamber; but the melee did not prevent
the fighting from continuing inside. There
were many encounters. In one of these
Senator Facando lnsf ran, president of the
Hygenic . Council,' was killed. He was a
-candidate for the \ Presidency of Para
guay. •'. -. -¦ ¦;-- '.>-¦¦.-.,-¦¦.. ...... , : . . . .:
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Jan. ltt— At a meet-
Ins of merchants . Just held here it was de
cided to take steps to appoint a commercial
agent In England, with the vie-w to improving
the dwindling trade of this island.
JACKSON. Miss.. Jan. 10. — Th» State Ben
ate to-day 'passed a Joint resolution Indorsing
the decision of Admiral Dewey in the court
of Inquiry and declaring that no text books
should be used In the schools of thl3 State
that "give to any other officer than Admiral
Schley credit for the victory of Santiago." •
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10. — An interesting
programme ia being- prepared for the sixth
annual convention of the National Congress of
Mothers, which wijr be held in the First Bap
tist Church in this city February 25 to 28.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
THE PRESIDENT OF PARAGUAY,
"WHOSE OVERTHROW WAS PRE- ;
CEDED BY BATTLE IN SENATE.
The Board of Fire Commissioners has
decided to " grant . to each - fireman one
day's leave of absence during each week,
provided the j Board of Supervisors will
make an appropriation sufficient to meet
the change. In addition to this, if the
proposed bond issue providing 1350,000 for
the construction of modern fire ' houses
should be carried, commodious and well
equipped reading rooms will be provided
for the men. . i - v ~-- '.
Day Off for Firemen.
•SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 10.— The Santa
Barbara football team, defeated a team
from . the .IT. S. 1 S. Alert this ¦ afternoon by
the score of 16 to 0.
Football at Santa Barbara.
The charge against him In Hot Springs
is the larceny in 1891 of $1200 > from Lyman
J. Hay, proprietor of the Arlington Hotel.
It is said that Lascelles as Lord Beres
ford eloped from Algiers with the daugh
ter of an American millionaire, who, after
learning of the man's character, secured
a divorce. f He has served terms-, in New
York and Georgia for swindling and for
gery. It Is said he is. now the husband
of a wealthy young woman of Providence,
R.I..
BOSTON, Jan. 10.— The police here have
captured Sydney Lascelles, a notorious
swindler, said to be . known to- the police
of three continents as Lord .Walter Beres
ford. He is held on request of the au
thorities at Hot Springs, Ark. When ar
rested he gave the name of Robert Leonr
ard, but wnen shown his photograph from
the police gallery he admitted he was
Lascelles. He ; has been known- under
many aliases besides Lord Beresford,
among them being Sir Harry "Vane, R.
N., and Lord Courtney, Claud B. Las
celles and James B. LaSalle.
Walter Beresford Arrested in
Boston.
Man Who Has Called Himself Lord
NOTORIOUS ;. SWINDLER ,
CAPTURED BY POLICE
CLEVELAND, Jan. lfl.— The Euclid
avenue Trust and Savings Company made
an assignment to-day to Attorney- Frank
R, Ginn. The tatter's bond was fixed at
$250,000 by Judge Bloch Of the Insolvency •
Court.
Cleveland Bank Assigns.
WAY IS OPEN
FOR CHILEANS
Pan-American Delegates
. Devise a P ! an for
Harmony. ;
Suppression of Final Proto
col May >¦ Insure an
Agreement -
.".- v • . ¦ " .-'. -^- •¦
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 10.—It is believed
that the arbitration difficulty in the Pan-
American conference has>flnally been dls
'poscd of, '.though. it'- is uncertain how the
Chileans wlir act: ,•"".
The solution' is tbH>e found In the sup
pression of the final protocol, for which
purpose a modification of the rules of the
conference will be. necessary. For this
purpose a two-thirds vote will be needed,
but it is already practically assured.
The suppression of the final protocol is
; the only concession that will* be made to
the Chileans. - Ita significance is simply
that the treaties approved by the conter
ence will only bear the signatures of the
delegations '-who . adopt 'them: The final
protocol .will, bear the signatures of all
iho delegations without exception. and It
will be a resume 6(. all the treaties con
cluded'by the conference, Including that
, of -compulsory arbitration, signed by ten
delegations. ~ Therefore, as the Chileans
would have had to sign the final protocol
j with' the,^ other - delegations, they would
-have, been placed in; the position. of indi
rectly sanctioning. the. plan of compulsory
arbitration, v - • :' ; \ •
. -Now," however,- if the' final protocol la
abolished this difficulty will be overcome,
and it Is 'held that the Chileans will be
evincing • excessive, sensitiveness if they
persist . in withdrawing. One of them,
when asked to-night what they would. do
if the compulsory, plan went to the con
ference in the form, explained in the fore
going, said that his delegation would act
according • to circumstances- and instruc
tions. He denied that they had ever
threatened to withdraw Chile's legation
from Mexico. • ¦ . '.-' - .
DENVER FORGER IS
LODGED . IN LOCAL JAIL
B. Ciambelli Is iWanted in Colorado
' to Answer Charges Preferred by "
":, ; ' . : '"',-- Express" Company. '.¦'.— .
B.' Clambelli of : Pueblo; Colorado, was
Arrested here last night by. Detective Har
'ry Reynolds on a-charge of forgery.
. A dispatch from Denver states that ;Ci
ambelll is wanted . there to answer four
charges of forgery preferred by the Rio
Janeiro : Express Company. The dispatch
further says. that Ciambelll was employed
on La Vandlce.'an Italian paper, published
in Pueblo by J. K. Nlgro. *>lt is understood,
that NIgro's is' the name signed to some
of the orders-it is alleged Ciambelll forged.
Ciambelll left- -Denver a few- weeks ago
before -warrants 'for/ his arrest could be
Issued. Deputy Sheriff '.Leonard de ;Lue
-will probably leave Denver to-day for this
city to take gharge of theV prisoner. j .
•:Clamhelli. admits that the forged 'checks,
amounting to nearly $900, on .La ¦ Vandice,
but says-'the amount was due him for ser
vices rendered, the paper. He claims that
he, has been. tried for- the offense;, three
times -stod acquitted ' and that this arrest
at this Time is but an effort of the editor,
.Lachetta e Nigro, to satisfy hjs wounded
feelings. . \ :,-¦-'. ¦„". . •¦¦ • . -
Sneak Thief in Mission.
- The police in . the [ Mission are making
an energetic hunt for. a sly sneak thief,
who is bold enough to ply his trade even
in broad daylight. The thief has visited
various houses in the absence of the own
ers and stolen such articles of Jewelry and
money as may be lying, about. . Up to the
present time he has confined his exploits
to., the. western, section of the Mission,
but on one occfcsion.he paid a visit th a
house " on ; Fourteenth street. lit all, his
pilferings would probably amount; to $3X>.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— Edgar A. Speyer, a
partner In the firm of Speyer Bros., bank
ers, has presented £5000 to the fund of
£200,000 placed at the disposal of King Ed
ward and Sir Ernest Casset for the estab
lishment of a sanitarium for consump
tives. • .
Speyers Aid Sanitarium Project.
Young Peter Jackson a Winner.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 10.— Jim Austin of
New Tork quit in the fourth . round of
¦what was to have been a twenty-round
fight with Young Peter Jackson to-night.
Austin was outclassed. He went down
repeatedly for the limit. After he had
been knocked through the ropes in the
middle of the fourth round he indicated
he had enough.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan, 10.— In a twenty
round boxing contest at the Seattle The
ater to-night, before 2000 spectators, Dal
Hawkins was given a decision over Perry
Queenan. The fight was one of the clean-*
est and best that has ever taken place on
the coast. At the end of the twentieth
round both were on their feet and ready
to fight, but the referee decided that Haw
kins had theiaetter of it. ; ' ¦ -<¦
Dal Hawkins Bests Queenan.
"Mexican Pete" Knocked Out. .
SALT LAKE. Jan. 10.— Jimmy Burns of
Spokane knocked . out "Mexican Pete",
Everett in the thirteenth round of a
scheduled twenty-round bout at the Salt
Lake Athletic Club to-night. Burns was
In superb condition, which won him the
fight, as he was badly punished in tha
first three rounds. Everett, fat and short
winded, was knocked down twice in the
ninth round and once In the eleventh and
twelfth. : . . ,
Fear was expressed by friends of the
Panama project to-day that the Panama
offer had been deferred too long. It is
Senator Morgan's plan to have the liep
burn Nlc.ira^uan canal bill substitutes for
his bill ¦ tc acquire territory from Nica
rague and Costa Rica, as soon as it te re
reived oy the Senate from the House.-- If
he succeeds in that the Hepburn bill will
be on the calendar for early consideration,
end a vote may be taken before the at
tested offer of the Panama Company can
Te received from Paris by mall. Indee-1.
fome of the Senators who are In favor of
iielay say that the Nicaragua bill may
come beiore them any day next week and
be passed uriOer circumstances similar to
those which attended the'passage of the 1
Hepburn oil! in "the. 1 House Wednesday. ¦
Senator Morgan in his speech charged
that there was an agreement between the
canal company owning the Panama Rail
road and the Transcontinental Association
to regulate rates and nullify competition
between thj two seaboards. His purpose
is to. get hold of the contract between the
Panama Railroad Company and the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company, which is
owned bv the Southern Pacific. In his
t-peech to the Senate on this resolution
Senator Morgan s-a.o: "It is. perhaps the
most wicked nicnt>:>oly i ever attempted."
Senator Morgan charged that the Trans
continental Association was paying the
Pacific Mail Company $75,000 a month for
the privilege of fixing freight rates over
the Panama railroad, with which it had
an exclusive contract.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— The Pana
ma Canal Company has taken another
step toward getting its formal offer, in
the. hands of the proper authorities of the
United States Government. The cable
message sent from Paris by the Panama
Canal Company was - delivered by 'M.
Edouard Lampre, secretary of the Pana-.
ma Company, to Admiral Walker, chair-,
man of the Isthmian Canal Commission.
In order to add to the formality of-tiia
offer, a copy of the cablegram had been •
deposited . with Embassaaor Porter in
Paris. M. Lampre informed Admiral
Walker that a letter, fully attested by
consular officials,, will leave Paris to-day
and arrive in -Washington .not later«-'than
January 20. ;^v .- . . ; . , v , . . •. * ' . ' '
Admiral Walker -has;Issued a- call -for a
meeting of the Isthmian Canal'Commis
sion to consider this offer of the Panama
Canal Company, on January 15, and Lhe
commission will probafbly make a supple
mental report embodying the offer of the
Panama Company, which will be trans
mitted to Congress. : -. :
Senator Morgan, chairman of the Inter
oceanic Canal Committee and leading
champion of the Nicaraguan canal of., the
United States, made a move against the
Panama Company to-day that is likely to
force the fighting. He issued subptnas
for M. Lampre, as secretary of the Pana
ma Canal Company, to appear before r.ife
committee at 11 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing. Other gentlemen familiar with '. the
affairs of the company are likely to be
summoned. These subpenas are • Issued !
tinder the resolution passed by the Senace
last Tuesday directing the Interoceanic
Canal Committee "to make inquiry and
report with reference to any agreements
or concert of action betweenany railroad
in the United States or in Canada or
Panama, or of. any American line of ships,
to control transportation and rates there
for for cargo or i passengers across the
isthmus of Panama." .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Scientific and Logical.",
Crumpacher of Indiana favored the pas
sage of the bill, which, he argued, would
be the first step toward putting the cen
sus upon a scientific and logical basis.
Maddcx of Georgia opposed in toto the
plan of a. permanent Census . Bureau.
Hemenway of Illinois also opposed the
bill. Sims of Tennessee said he would
propose an amendment to place the em
ployes of the office under the civil service
law. Bingham of Pennsylvania supported
the bill. After some further discussion
by Gillet of Massachusetts, Fleming of
Georgia, Sulzer of New York and WIK
liams of Illinois, Hopkins closed the gen
eral debate with an earnest plea In favor
of the passage of the bill. •.
The bill was then opened to amendment
and Hemenway of Indiana • offered an
amendment to provide that persons now
employed in the Census Bureau, not in
cluding janitors.: shall be eligible to ap
pointment- in other departments without
examination, or certification by the Civil
Service Commission upon the recommend
ation of such department.
Mann ' of- Illinois opposed, the .amend
ment because it placed no time limit
upon the. eligibility of employes." The
Hemenway^ amendment was adopted
without division.
Burkett then moved that the bill be
reported to the House with the recom
mendation that it be recommitted, -with
instructions to reoort back . as "a substi
tute a bill providing for detailed'organ
ization of a permanent Census Bureau
and with a provision therein to place the
present employes of the bureau withtn
the -classified service. : Hopkins attempted
to secure,. th« ayes and noes on the.mo
tion to recommit, but only thlrtv-eigbt
member?;' seconded his demand— not a suf
ficient jiiimber. The motion to recommit
w«e carried.; - . . •:. '. — . •.,
Bromwell of Ohio secured unanimous
consent and the House passed the bill to 1
rive the widow of the late President Mc-
Ktnley the franki"«r privilege during the
remainder of her life.
Then at 4:40 p. m. the House adjourned
until Monday.
Condition of the Clerks.
In reply to questions Hopkins said that
;;48U clerks haa been employed in the bu
reau, 2700 being still employed. If the
pending- bill passed, he said, the force
-vould be reduced this year to 800; next
year to 750; in 1905 to 2*0, and thereafter
until 1910 to 200. He was besieged by mem
bers who wanted to know the status of
the present clerks In the event of the pas
•sage of the bill. He said that if the bill
passed it was hoped the other depart
ments-could absorb the present temporary
clerks. They could then be placed under
the protection of the civil service and
transferred to other departments. If the
bill were promptly passed the temporary
clerks by executive order could be made
eligible for transfer.
Several members, among them Mann of
Illinois and Corliss of Michigan, sug
gested that the bill be amendea to pro
vide that the clerks be eligible for trans
fer.
Grosvenor. of Ohio asked if It would not
be wise to authorize the President to ex
tend the civil service law over the sur
plus clerks. Hopkins replied that the sub
ject had been canvassed by the House and
•Senate committees and it had been
thought such action would not be expedi
ent.
Burkett of Nebraska opposed the bill,
contending that it was improper and in
opportune and asserting that the course
of the . debate to-day demonstrated tnat
the proposed legislation had not been well
considered. He declared that the only
persons who had agitated the subject of
er permanent census had been the super
intendents of the past censuses and oth
ers directly interested. He pointed out
that a salary of $7500 was voted to the
Director of the Census on the ground of
the temporary character of the employ
ment and the great responsibility. This
bill proposed to continue this, salary. He
declared that the experts whose serv
ices it was found necessary to retain had
been detailed from the various depart
ments. Burkett said there was nothing
in the bill to keep the census clerks In
office. It was designed to keep only the
chiefs of division and higher officers in
their present positions. He thought the
bill should be recommitted.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— The House
E]>ent tho day considering the Hopkins
bill to create a permanent census bureau.
"While the general sentiment was in favor
of a permanent bureau, there was strong
opposition to the bill as drawn on the
ground that it was not well matured.
There also was an overwhelming demand
for a provision to place the present em
ployes of the Census Bureau under the
protection of the civil service law, and the
bill finally was recommitted T/ith instruc
tions to report back a bill containing a
plan for a detailed organization of a per
manent census bureau, to Include also a.
provision to place the present employes
under the civil service.
At the opening of, the session Barney
reported the pension bill and gave notice
t tt&t he woula call It up on Monday atter
the disposal of District of Columbia busi
ness. - .
On motion of Hopkins of Illinois the
House then went into committee of the
whole and took up the consideration of
the bill to create a permanent census ot
t.ce. Hopkins, in support of the bill, ex
plained that the suDject of establishing
a, permanent bureau had been agitated for
many years. General Francis A. Walker,
superintendent of the ninth and tenth
tensuses. and Porter, superintendent of
the feleventh census, as well as the pres
ent director, united in strongly recom
mending it on the ground that it would
not only decrease the cost, but would In
crease the value of the results.
The manufacture of the cable was now
proceeding, he stated, at the rate of 240
miles per month and this rate would be ¦
increased to 640 miles per month. He gave
the cost of the project as between $10,-
COO.000 and $12,000,000.
The cross-questioning by Chairman Hep
burn and Messrs. Corliss and Mann tended
-to develop the question whether or not ,
the company, by having an exclusive
field, would maintain high rates. Ward
gave the expected rate to Manila at $1
and Honolulu 35 cents to 50 cents a word.
The hearing will continue to-morrow. ,
. The hearing to-day was devoted to an
explanation by George G. ' Ward, vice
president of the Commercial Pacific Cable
Company, of the plans of that company.
He stated that terms had been made for
the -manufacturing: and laying of a cable
to Honolulu by November 1 next and the
company intended to extend the cable to
Manila within two years from next No
vember.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— The Hous*
Committee on Commerce to-day took up
the subject of a Pacific cable. The main
question is whether the cable shall be
constructed by the Government or by pri
vate parties. x
Official of a Private Company
Tells of Work Being
Done.
Measure Is Recommitted, but
Only Requires Modi
fication.
Prospect of Legislation Being
Completed Before Attested
•Offer Arrives.
House Committee on
Commerce Obtains
Information.
ama Company. ;
Sen ator Morgan Makes
a Move Against Pan- ,
Lawmakers Consider a
1 Bill for Permanent f ¦
Establishment.
byMistafce, Take Part---Further Trouble Is Feared.
Fierce Battle Occurs in the Senate Chamber in Which the Troops,
TO FORCE FIGHT
ON CANAL BILL
CENSUS BUREAU
MAY BE FAVORED
FIGHTING ACCOMPANIES OUSTING
OF THE PRESIDENT OF PARAGUAY
CABLE BATES
ARE EXPLAINED
THE SAOSV FRAJS^ISCO^ C^
2
Disfigured Skin
Wasted muscles and decaying bones.
What havoc 1 ' ; -. :
Scrofula, let alone, la capable of all that,
and more- ¦ '.: t r -\
It is commonly . marked by, bonchet in
the neck-, inflammations in the eyes, dys-
pepsia, catarrh, and general debility.' • '.; ¦:'.
It la always radically and permanently
cured by .
Hood's SarsapdriUa
Which expels all . humors, cures all erup-
tions, and builds up the whole » system,
whether young or old.^ . ~ ¦ .
Hood'* Pills core liver fill : tha non4rrttsilnc and
only oathartto to t*l» with Hood'» -a»rwttarill£
ililfe^^ / Acts B ervef i ci.al 1 v*
X^ / Syrup of Figs appeals to the cultured and tho
/ 'f ' I well-informed and to the healthy, because its com-
¦ ':¦• v'^H-'^^^^^M^^^^^^-' / ponent parts are simple and wholesome and be-
S^"i^^^f^^^^^^^^^^b/- c . ause it ac *s without disturbing the ; natural func-
¦¦v.'f ; \/^f^M^i^^M^^^S!i!^^^^^i' tions, as it is wholly free from every objectionable
/ s %^^^^'^^f''^^-'' : hx»^. ' manu^ ac turing figs are used, as they are
-^^SSii^^^^telllS sd>0?/' fr° m an excellent combination of plants .
W^^H^^^^P^^ lll^/--^ ; knowntobeme ? icinalI y laxa^eandto
' %^^^M^^^^^^^S &^$ f::Wf*'JM?0$ • To get its beneficial effects— buy ,th«
\lll^^®?Sli^?h^ """ ®"k A ;^9^' genuine— manufactured by the¦'¦ i'What was the. .state : of the "weather
when you : came on : deck at 4 o'clock?"
"At ? 4 a. m. I was on the bridge; then
went to my room and laid down. , Was
awakened ; by-hearing orders given from
the bridge to the Quartermaster of • 'hard
i a-port.' .: I. ; jumped out and just at that
time' the; whole side of the house crashed
In. I rushed' on deck and found that we
had been run into by a bark, which since
proved^ to* be the French bark Max. The
first thing r l looked for, was her lights, but
saw none. I : rushed; to the indicator,
which was smashed; . also speaking tube
¦ to engine . room. :-. Officer Hughes and Sec
ond Officer Lupp were on the bridge at the
time, i Both , officers swear that ;they saw
nO'sidelights on the bark before the colli
sion. I .immediately, gave the' signal to
swing and lower: the .boats.-, I- met-the
chief- engineer at the • companionway \ and
ascertained that the ship had stopped. I
ordered the port boilers blown down, had
the "forward pumps started and- the fires
hauled, which: the first assistant attended
to. The boats and lif eraf ts were lowered
and pasengers were rushed Into boats and
on i-afts;as.fast as we could get them out
of -their rooms. The .ship sank suddenly,
after twenty, minutes afloat, under offi
cers and t crew's : feet,*, who i were • carrying
onthe rescue/: Third Officer -Hughes was
on watch at the time of the accident, hav
ing relieved Second Officer Lupp at 4 a.m.,
some minutes before... The. time of the ac
cident .was 4:30 p.;m.;.'.:. .\ : ;-'¦-• ¦'-'-,
weather until off Point Arena. From there
we had light southeast wind with cloudy
overcast weather until off Cape Mendo
cino, which, we passed at.2:45 a. m., Jan
uary 2, fourteen miles oft. From there the
wind increased ¦ -with ' very - dark overcast
weather. WBgBBBIHaHaBaesBaa
- Captain 'Andrew Hall of ; the Walla Wal
la was then called to the stands Inspector
Bulger ; read the : following : statement
which ; the i commander of . the ill-fated
steamer sent to the board: . •, ¦ ¦;¦•,:
"The steamship Walla "Walla, under my
command, sailed from -. San ¦ Francisco - on
January, 1,-1902, at 11:15 a. m., for Victoria
and Puget Sound ports. We had light
variable wind, ; moderate sea and ' clear
Captain Hall Testifies.
sight of the steamer, and I thought she
had continued on her course." , •
Charles Buhot was then called. His tes
timony was like that given by Captain
Benoist and other members of. the crew. :
'He, ; testified . thathe i-aw the first mats
lift a lamp out gfitscase and wave it' at
the : oncoming steamer. He also eaid he
heard cries for help.' . V:
' "Did.you report-to^the captain or mate
that you' heard cries?"--, asked . Captain
Hall. .:. ¦. - ¦>¦ • ;. ,---..;:.,>¦
v "I did," -replied Buhot. . .•¦.•'''" .
Captain Benoist 'was then recalled.
"After the collision took place," Captain
Benoist,'-. did- you do. everything' in-your
power to render, assistance to the steam
er," asked the inspector. , ¦ ¦ >•;• '
' ¦; "We did everything .we possibly . could,",
.he replied.' "My. idea at the time was that
the steamer continued on her course. The
only reason 5 1 lighted a torch was to let
the - steamer ;• know - where we^were.- I
thought: we: were going to sink and I
wanted '¦ the -steamer to- know .where- we
were... Had, I, known,. that the steamer was
sinking I.wouhi have lowered my lifeboats
and gone to her assistance. I , did ; not
think the steamer was hurt because after
she struck the: match she-came alongside
and'-I. pushed against' her rail.". . - ..
: B. .C., . Jan. ; 10.— The 'bark'
Santa' Clara;' which i went 'ashore': ori',Tnal
Island during the -. storm • of • • Christmas
night, was flcated this morning. ¦
Bark' Santa Clara Floated.' : ,
Members of Bristol's^ Crew May Have
•. Survived Wreck. r
- VANCOUVER. B.C., Jan! 10.— As long
as there is no definite assurance that Cap-
HOPE FOR MISSING SEAMEN.
BIG OAK ; FLAT-, Jan. . 10.— The . hoisting
machinery 'of the -Nonpareil mine was
damaged • to i the ' extent \ of $1000 to-day by
a lire which 1 -was -caused by sparks from
the. blacksmith shop of the-mine. The
property,, was not Insured. .The mine has
been : Idle -for^ some time, >but ; was to have
started on Monday.^ The Longfellow Mine
Syndicate * of -Glasgow,'- Scotland/" is " the
owner of the; property.
Mine Machinery Damaged.
TACOMA. Jan. 10. — Captain "'Furneaux
of the- British bark Caithnesshtre'r looks
back upon last Tuesday morning as the
mest eventful in his life -at 'sea. -For., six
hours in a hurricane gale his ship drifted
slowly but steadily, toward • the ; rocks on
the southern" Vancouver -Island -shore, to
be saved from .disaster only .by; a". provl-*
centlal change of wind at a moment when
captain and crew were taking; to . the
boats.
The Caithnesshini sailed J from J: San.
Diego in ballast for' Tacoma' on December
21. Last Saturday, after a rough trip up
the coast, she made Cape Flattery. AH
Sunday afternoon and night a- strong gale
was- blowing south-southeast, and "'the
Britisher labored heavily. Monday. passed
without a change. That night found -the
vessel about sixty-five miles , from . Flat
tery and off the coast of Vancouver Isl
and.
With a gale such as is seldom seen Cap-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
S The] Dowager Empress ¦ to-day followed
.up her. friendly, advances by" sending Ivcr-,
bal 'messages ~ Ur several = of the '¦, Ministers"
thanking; .them;- for y'the ' • care • they r had
taken of ithe : palaceand expressing ( pleas
ure iatithe reception; accorded -by: the !for
eigners on-the occasionof their; Majesties'
entry lntoPeking.-t ;;.>,.- ; ¦ . '
- The "reports of. ther'arrest. of /General
Tungj Fuh Slang 't whose ; decapitation ? has
bceniordered by V the"Dowager; Empress,-
Is ; iucorrect.'V; The -Tartar r ; general, < who t is
Governor] of i Kwari Su,;,was : afraid J to ? ex-1
! ecuteJ thei orders'". he ."¦ received 'owing Jto~
[Tung) Fuh Slang's Influence among >tho
.I PEKING,' Jan. '- lOAThe"/ French , Minis
ter,.Beau,: refuses -.to; present his creden-,
tials " until ; China.f ulfills certain demands"
of " the T ; French*-. Government^ VThe '•¦_ joint
audience ': of ] the ; foreign ! and ¦ new Chinese
Ministers .which ; had ;been - arranged': has
been postponed 'because ;"of. Beau's action.
His [ colleagues 'are '• discussing" whether, to
support I him ; or '. not. "A repetition of : the
Turkish : , incident .; is ' considered ¦ possible. ;',
Gredentials : of the Min
ister at Peking Are 0
Withheld.
Caithnesshire-Barely Es
capes Disaster in
the North.
FRANCE DEMANDS
CONCESSIONS
WASHINGTON,, Jan.' 10.— When shown
the '. news dispa tch , from , Peking ..', stating
that the presentation of .certain ¦ demands
upon'Chinaby the French Minister at the
Chinese capital had caused a serious hitch
in the proceedings there. M.' Cambon, the
French Embassador,. at Washington, ex
pressed ; great surprise, saying he was not
aware of any claims preferred against the
Chinese :- Government by the French re
public: which', would* be likely' to cause an
interruption of affairs at Peking.', ;-.
The Embassadpr has not received any
advices : whatever on . this subject, and
therefore was not prepared to give a spec
ulative interpretation. of thedispatch It
was suggested that France does hold some
claims against 'China, but it was gathered
that * these - were ' not regarded here as * of,
sufficient - importance - to - bring about the
state of affairs set "out In ; the press dis
patches.'; ~At ¦ the State Department It was
suggested that the trouble may have
arisen ' from ; a question of 'precedence or
procodure Jn the coming presentation of
the foreign Ministers.*
Knows Nothing of the Demands.
French . ' Embassador at .Washington
CAMBON-NOT ADVISED.
SAN V ? PEDRO;;: Jan. lO.-The ': power
schoorier. v CIemente tl Sent "out . to . search: for
the" missing schooner' Belle,\Captaln": Harry
;oiscn,*has found wreckage' from f the Belle
on t. the ' shores ' of iAnacapa ; Island . and • it
is. now deemed certain that the. : schooner
was * lost ; with j: all hands. . The
picked up ' a? hatch ' cover,- binocle ; box and
several '-; crates, 1 which' were- Identified- as
¦ belonging;* to 'the ,' lost ; boat. The .= Belle
was a small power schooner- and; put out
from. this port on December 26,-Her skip
per.V Harry Olson,-, Is 'by ,'a\wif.e
and ' two children. ; :;_¦-, ¦ .
Lost -; Schooner Perished.
Little , ; Doubt That , the Crew, of the
WBECKAGE 0F..THE BELLE.
tain 1 Mclntyre ¦ and /six * members of the
crew. of the collier Bristol. were drowned
on morning last after the steamer
had piled on the rocky v shore of Groen
Island, ¦¦¦; there 7 remains ~: hope' that'they
escaped death. ; It Is considered possible'
among marine- men Mn- th:s city = that 'if
Captain I Mclntyre succeeded : in launching
his boatand getting away f rom: the
tol, She would have managed to keep .the
boat In such trim as: to live out the gale
Should such have been the case "it-is con
sidered ¦ likely • that he may have \ been
driven north by the gale to Tongas har
bor,- which .lies Just ; to. the eastiof Cape
Fox/ 1 ; '-'¦;.:. ..'•.-•v.-.;- ¦' .-. -• ¦•¦ . r :;
•-The • collier -Wellington, - which recently
arrived' at Ladysmith to load coal p for San
Francisco, v has-been: ordered ¦„ to take; her
cargo to Juneau to replace that lost/on the
Bristol. . On her, way . north the Welling :oj
will stop at; the scene; of; the disaster and
make a search of the shore.
tain' Furneaux i found ¦ himself In- a': critical
position. ..The -. Caithnesshire : gradu
ally driven 'shoreward until she was.al
most'in the breakers. -The bottom offered
no anchorage of any' kind, and' the terrific
wind was, still /.blowing. _ From shortly
after dark on Monday nigrht until 5 o'clock
on Tuesday morning the ship stood' oft the
rocks, 'in danger every •minute^ of ¦< being
dashed to .pieces. -Anchor after anchor,
was lowered; and three of them are now
at -the bottom- of •; the •. straits. • The pro
gress of the vessel toward destruction was
not checked.' Chains and -hawsers snapped
like twine and the* windlass was rfearly
lifted . from '.the deck. 1 Beside her: three',
anchors the bark lost two • wire • hawsers
and 200 feet of- cable! • . • .
With fifteen fathoms. of water beneath
her. and ~ right ... among the breakers, the
safety, of. the < Caithnesshire was/de
spaired of. Boats 'were being lowered. In
an attempt to reach the . shore before the
vessel struck, when : the ; wind - suddenly
veered to the westward -and the situation
was entirely changed." : . .
.; The next day the • bark stood up /the
straits./ During the U forenoon a ¦ British
ship ¦ was sighted. Captain Furneaux was
, flying signals of distress,: but his country
man paid : no 'attention „ to .them. - Not ,ah"
answering pennant, not even a, promise to
report ;: the ¦'. bark's. X condition, . appeared.'
Later ..the . Cathnesshire was ¦ picked up
by a. tug and! towed to Tacoma."
I E Not only; is . she anchorless, but there = is
not ; an anchor - available on the Pacific
Coast. - Her 7 New -York agents - have , been
wired to for assistance. In- this particular -
;- The crew, of . the Caithnesshire attrib
ute their > remarkable escape to the ' an
swering of their prayers;
CHANCE IN WIND
SAVES THE BARK
Walla Walla asleep.. He seemed to be
surprised and woke up suddenly. I was
on the forecastle three seconds before the
collision.
"What part of the ship -were you on
when you first saw the light of the ap
proaching steamer?" was asked.
"I was amidships." he answered. "I
saw a red light on the steamer and when
the collision took place I ran forward on
the Max." '. .. -.-¦.-.
"On what part of the steamer was this
man whom you gay was asleep?" Captain
Bulger asked. - :'
"It seems to me he was. in the center,
of the forecastle," answered , the carpen
ter. . • -
"Were there any lights on the Walla
Walla?" . ' >
"Yes; I could see the saloon, c?.bln and
other lights; but I could not any
light on her masthead." -V. /
"Then how was ¦ it you know the man
was asleep?" asked the inspector. "Might;
he not have been injured?" -¦ . - :--.
"All I can say is that I saw- plainly the
shadow of the man in the position I
stated." ¦ ? . - ¦¦' '- '"'
"Then all 'you saw was the shadow of
'a man." ¦ > : . * . • V . --
• "I'saw the'shadow of ': a man, -and * the
wav he acted he was greatly. surprised.-'.
"In what position was he standing?" :
"I can't tell exactly." ¦
"I want "this explained,", said Captain
Bolles. "This- Is a very serious matter.".
"I saw the. shadow as the. steamer was
coming alongside," asserted -the witness.'
"Was that the shadow of a man stand? •
ing or lying., down?'.' . asked, Attorney
Paee. '• ¦
"He was standing.up.'V said Burget. '
"Did you see a • hole in the Walla
Walla?".
"It seems to me I saw. a hole at the
water line." :•• -.-..'.
"Where was this man— forward or aft
of tMs hole?" •.-;¦"¦
"He was forward."
Continuing, the witness said:
"I was alongside. of the light tower of
the starboard side of the Max when the
two steamers came together. - Then. I ob
served what seemed to me to be the shape
of a man. My first idea .was to jump on
board ¦ the steamer. Then- I thought of
our : water-tight compartments and fig
ured' they would save theshipr Then I
lost sight of^the shadow of the man and.
my attention- was directed "to the hole in
.the - steamer. ' And then i the i captain- of
the Max told me to blow the fog horn,
which. I did. In the meantime the rest
of. the sailors did all they could to heave
the Max' to" 7 In. order to .'come closer to
the^steamer.".'-^ ¦-•«..-:'•-. ¦.-¦" : ¦---, ;.
"Are you .positive the -lookout was
asleep?" Interrupted Bolles. - w ¦.
"I« can't swear positively. The man I
saw was leaning. : In my belief he ;was
not attending to his business." •
''Would not a man hold on to:some
thing* if . he , saw • the '¦ ships ' coming; to
gether.?" .. .. ¦•-¦' ". . . ¦;.-¦ • r. , .
."I couldn't say."'/: - '. ¦¦•'¦-.
'¦¦¦ "Did you see. the lights of the steamer
after. they. separated?" . •",-> .-'-.-.: .. -.
. "I saw them about fifteen, minutes after
ward.".' -¦;• ' .' >¦'•;¦:.-;¦¦ -.',¦":' ' . •' ,-: ..¦-". ;
. ¦ "DId.~you-.hear any, - cries .' or .whistles
jfrom'_ the, steamer after, the collision?" .;• • -¦
v^:;*;JiHeard Three Whistles." •
"I heard three whistles. 'Later, on I lost
WITNESSES WHO TESTIFIED YESTERDAY AT INVESTIGATION INTO WALLA WALLA WRECK.
a ship ran into us. I did not see a ship
before "she struck us."
¦ "How long was It -between the time
you saw the white and reported the green
light?"
"Some. little time."
"Where was the third mate?"
Saw a Green Light.
."In the charthouse. "When I saw the
green light I called out as loudly as I
could. .1 thought it was pretty close. I
continued to see the green light until she
struck us. I saw no red light."
As the witness would not or could not
tell ; the inspectors the duration in time
when he saw the lights Captain Bolles be
came -stormy. ¦ - .....
"Now I want to know," said Captain
Bolles, "how many minutes after you
saw the green light did the vessels col
lide?" /
Johnson became frightened and lamely
admitted that about five minutes had
passed.
"Are you sure you reported the green
light to the mate?"
"I sang out to him as loud as I could."
"Did you call more than once?"
"No, s!r."
"Did you get an answer?"
"I got a yell."
Then Captain Bolles became
He' turned to the witness and in an angry
tone said:
"If you went off to report the 'white
light; why didn't you go to the bridge the
second time and report the green one?
You as a seaman ought to know it was
more dangerous."
"Well,- 1 sang out," doggedly replied the
witness. "I thought I did my duty."
"Well, you're not sure he heard you?"
"No, I am not exactly sure."
"Was the quartermaster on the look
out?" ' Jj er*%cds i njwjiijMMiM
"No, sir; he went below."
Captain Hall interrupted to say that the
lookout was instructed to report " person
ally to the bridge if he saw a light and
not to sing out. The witness admitted he
knew this rule. ' ¦ ,
The witness Bald he left the steamer in
No. 8 boat, which was in charge of Boat
swain Ajec Holmes. He said he heard
the captain's orders telling them to go to
the stern of the boat and take off other
passengers, but owing to the boat having
but an oar and a half they were unable
to do so. »- • * . -
Joseph W. x Ettershank, a 19-year-old
boy, who waa. quartermaster on the Wal
la Walla and in charge of the wheel at
the time of the disaster, was then ex
amined. He said he had been at sea one
year, and of that time had been quarter
master for seven months. His testimony
developed the fa^t that he had been given
orders to "hard a port" and he . had
obeyed them.
J. Albert Reed, first assistant engineer,
was unable to attend and his affidavit was
read. According to his statement, the
collision occurred at^4:15 o'clock. This is
in direct contradiction of the time given
by the officers of the Walla -Walla. The
latter. claim that the clock in. the engine
room was fifteen minutes fast. Reed
swears that he set his clock by. the time
ball at the ferry depot.
M.NIelson, a sailor, was the last wit
ness examined. . His testimony was un
important. Further testimony will be
heard this morning.
Mohammedans, . who dominate the prov
ince. VThe Governor feared that. the. ar
rest of Tung Fuh Slang would incite" the
Mohammedans': to rebellion.'
"Shortly after 4 o'clock," he replied.
"What kind of a light did you see?"
"A white" light and I reported it to the
bridge :*' . ; - "
"Were you' answered?"
."Yes,' sir. The ' third mate answered
me." - ¦ > • .•¦•¦¦.
"How, much was.lt off. the bow?"
"About two points."
"What were the words you used when
jou reported the light to the third mate?"
"Light:on.the port bow." -
Continuing, the witness said:
,"I ran to the .' bridge the first time I
saw the-light,' and on returning I saw a
green light.'.' ' ;
"What, did you do when you saw the
green . light?" •- •¦* : ...
. "I . sangr -' out ? green r light -. on . the port
bow. I did not get an answer right away.
Just 'a: little time rafter; some one yelled
from the ' bridge. . . I stood there and : then
He testified .that he was the regular
lookout • and had ¦ the watch -from 4 to A
o'clock; that he came on duty at 4 o'clock
and that the ; weather was disagreeable.'
He said he had been going to sea for the
past . two years and had been employed
as lookout' on the Walla Walla for the
past three 1 ' months." He stated he could
see well that moraine and was able to
distinguish the Cape Mendocino light.
After looking at the green and red Hght3
of the Walla Walla, he said" he took up
his station amidships and then saw a light
on the port'bow. :¦ •
"How long was that after you went on
the lookout?" asked Mr. Bolles.
The chief witness of the day was Eph
ram Johnaon, the seaman who was on
the lookout on the morning of the colli
sion. Captain Bulger had to go at him
"rough shod" to get. him to testify as to
what he knew. The : witness was afraid
to speak. : He feared he might be blamed
for negligence.
Johnson Was Lookout.
Second" Officer Frederick Lupp was the
next witness examined. The follopving
statement submitted to the inspectors was
read: . .....
'/My watch was from 12 midnight to .1
a. m., and after being relieved by the
third offier, Mr. Hughes; at 4 a. m., I re
ported off to Captain Hall./ The captain
then got up and had a look around.
"The quartermaster ha /ing neglected to
compare the ' after compass, I sent, him
.aft to do so before going below.. I then
went 'below and returned to the bridge it
4:30. L went into the charthouse to write
up the log and while so engaged I heard
the lookout .report a light on the port
bow. Almost the same instant I heat d
the third officer give orders to port helm
and then sing out, 'hard. a-port !' Not
hearing the quartermaster answer him, I
repeated the order to him. I looked for
the cause of -the- trouble- and saw -a flan*,
light on. the port side and almost the
same instant ¦ the .bowsprit Vof the " ship
came over our bridge and struck the Wal
la -Walla." ,: ; :". ¦ -•-: .. •
The witness corroborated the captain as
to calling him. at 4 o'clock and told how
he had changed the course of the vessel
and took bearings oft the Mendocino light.
The witness testified to the facts that ap
peared In his statement.
"Was the third officer Injured?", he was
asked. :¦'-, , ¦.
"No.' sir. He was not Injured, because
he spoke to me afterward and said the
bark had. no lights out," Lupp replied.
He stated that Hughes was standing
right behind him in the charthouse when
the lookout notified him that there -was
a light on I the port side. Mr. Lupp told
how easy it. was for Hughes to reach the
quartermaster from where he was stand
ing, but the inspectors were a little du
bious. ' »i|*~Mfltll W 'Hw Wi WJiraft ifr>
Lupp Gives Testimony.
I told Mr. Hughes to keep a . sharp
lookout. I;. told him very particularly to
¦look out for schooners bound In for Hum
boldt. They frequently, show no lights."
At this moment Inspector Bulger an
nounced that Second Officer Lupp, who
was listening to the testimony, had no
right to be' present. Captain Bolles dis
agreed with his colleague. * Lupp came to
the front and said if they wished to have
him wait outside he would do so. As hu
was on trial; he was "permitted to remain
Continuing; Captain Hall said: "I was
in my cabin just before the accident.
When I ¦. heard the cry 'hard a-port!' I
sprang out of my. room just as the ves
sels collided. I then rushed to the bridge
and found the second and third officers
there. They both said, 'They showed no
lights, captain.' "•
The witness then told what he had done
to save the lives of his passengers, all of
which has been narrated before. . -
asked Captain Bolles. -
'.'There was a heavy sea running and It
was dark and cloudy," , he replied.
"How came you to get up at 4 o'clock?"
'I always did so when the weather was
southeast. , The second officer called me.
I was on' deck five" or ten minutes."
• "How .would : you communlcat* with the
man at the wheel from the charthouse?"
"Through a scuttle."
"When youwent on deck, what did you
'do?". . --. .... .-.¦ :-«(•¦
"I was on the forecastle before the col
lision," he said In reply to questions put
to him by Captain Bolles. "At the time
cf the collision I saw the lookout on the
"Henry Burget, a carpenter on the Max,
was the next witness. He swore that
the lookout on the Walla Walla was
asleep, but later modified his statement
by Haying he saw a shadow of a man
who appeared to be leaning against the
railing and was suddenly awakened by
the shock.
Says Lookout Was Asleep.
"I was very much scared," replied Lelr.
"I thought it would. I had several ex
periences of this kind and was -much
afraid the ship would go down."
"Did the steamer strike the ship or
the shiji the steamer?" he was asked.
"The Walla Walla struck the Max," re
plied Leir.
"After the ships separated, did you sec
the lights on the steamer?" Captain Hall
inquired.
"Yes, sir. The lights were burning
about twenty minutes afterward."
"How much oil does your lamps hold?"
asked Second Officer Lupp.
"A dipperful," was the reply.
"How far was the steamer off the ship
¦when you first saw it?" Captain Hall in
terrograted.
"It tcok her twenty minutes to come
en top of us," was the answer.
"After the collision I heard the steam
er whistle, but not before," he answered.
"Did you see any one on the steamer
after the accident?"
"Yes. sir. After the accident I- saw a
Btout man and woman come out of the
cabin half dressed."
The witness «tate<i that the steamer's
red iight was smashed when the vessels
struck each other. He said he was in the
ha-bit of removing the lights at 7:30 In
the morning. He could not tell, however,
at what hour he removed them that
morning. He swore all the lamps on the
Max excepting the .red light were burning:
brightly after the collision; that they
burned forty-eight hours without being
replenished.
"Did you think the Max was going to
fcink?" ~he inspector asked.
"I was in the center of the deck oa
watch at the time of the collision. As
soon as the lookout gave warning that
the steamer was in sight I looked and
saw a light on her masthead. I nevt*
saw a green light. When I saw the light
on the steamer I went on the forecastle
and watched her approach. When the
collision took place 1 was on the star
board side. Wnen I observed the steam
er the first time she was about 45 min
utes on the starboard side. After the col
lision the steamer turned and camo
alongside. I am 49 years old and have
been at sea thirty-eight years. The Max
was going at the rate of four or five
miles an hour at the time. I cannot say
exactly. As soon as the boats came to
gether a. torch was lit."
"Did you hear any noise from the
steamer?" the witness was asked.
Eugene Leir, a sailor, who was in
charge of the lamps on the French bark,
was the first witness called. He testified
that he put the lights out at 5 o'clock the
night before the collision and visited
them every half hour to see If they were
burning brightly. In the morning after
seeing t.'ae steamer he again went for
ward ajQ.J saw that the lights were burn
ing. He said he has acted as lookout and
has done his "trick" at the wheel. The
witness istated he was very careful when
on the lookout because he had been in
three other accidents. Continuing, ' he
said: -'- p
Says Lights Burned.
Ephram Johnson, a sailor, was the
lookout. It was his duty to report to
the officer of the deck whenever he saw
a light in the path of the ship. He tes
tified he left his post to report that there
•was a white light off the port bow of
the speeding steamer, but when he saw
the green light he simply shouted out the
fact. H«j admits that he does not know
whether his shout was heard.
Captain Holies, one of the Inspectors
conducting the examination, askea John
son why he did not report the green light
as he reported the wliite one. The wit
ness replied he thought. he .dad done his
duty by singing- out.
Captain Hall gave testimony denying
the assertion that the lights of the Max
were burning after tne collision. Henry
Burget, a carpenter on the Max, swore
that the lookout on the Walla Walla was
asleep, but when interrogated was unable
to give substantial proof of his statement.
Hughes, who was lost In the
ocean disaster, was In charge of the ship
at the time of the collision. .
TESTIMONY of a sensational
character was adduced yesterday
at the Investigation of the col
lision between the Ill-fated Walla
Walla and the French bark Max.
It developed that Third Mate
Denies Bark Max
Had Her Lights
Burning.
Testifies ThatHe
Was Told to
Report
Says He Shouted
When He Saw
a Light.
Captain A* Hall
Gives His\
Version*
LOOKOUT JOHNSON OF THE LOST WALLA WALLA ADMITS
THAT HE FAILED TO GIVE WARNING TO OFFICER IN CHARGE
CAL^ SATTO *?02.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- /
The jury returned a verdict of acd-
cental death on the man who fell from
the window ledge on which he had fallen
asleep. But the death was really due to
— j the accident
_ I possible.
Z_JT , . JCJX~ir~ w ~ There are a
"T~ll' Jl jr~n~ r-sat many
~~ gM^Vg ' " ' lives sud-
*~1C |[Pl'' r^w 'I denly termi-
<=r A Jt > *^ ¦ carelessness,
although the
"¦ 'roCJ?*^"*^ medical cer-
r P'T^SN/'V y tificate may
jgagS^L^7^ j Tea.6. n heart
v^iA )ij failure."
When a man
\ « chances with
\»^ £\ his stomach
and neglects
the warning symptoms of disease, he is
carelessly inviting calamity.
Dr. Pierce' s Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and .- nutrition. It*
enables the perfect digestion and assimi-
lation of food, which makes strength.
It stimulates the liver, cures biliousness,
and removes bilious impurities from the
blood. [¦¦¦;
« I had been troubled with a pain in lorrer
part of ray stomach for three vears. so severe I
thought it would kill me in time." writes Mr.
Aaron V»n Dam. of (Kensint^on) 2540 xioth St..
Chicago. 111. "I could hardly work; 'it felt like
a big weight haujrinjj on me and «rot so bad that
I had to tate medicine. I used Stomach Hitters
for a time, but it did no jrood so I wrote to Dr.
R. V. Pierce for advice, which he gave me im-
medtateiv. I followed his directions; used two
lv ales ef hi* medicine and wasc:ircd. I iiad a
torptid li\-cr which was troubling me instead of
' cramps fas I thought}, ko Dr. Pierce told me.
I iave pleasure in. living now; have gained in
Treifht 15 pounds since thea: 1 ' *
Dr. Fierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con",
etipatioa. They do not beget the pill
habit... :-
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Does Not disappoint.
The New Discovery for Catarrh Seems to
Possess Remarkable Merit.
A n«w catarrh cure has recently ap-
pearet* which so far as tested has been
remarkably successful in curing all forma
of catarrh, whether in the head, throat,
bronchial tubes or in stomach and liver. .
.The remedy is in tablet form, pleasant
and convenient to take, and no sp*c!al
secrecy Is maintained . as to what It con-
tains, the tablet being a scientific com-
bination of Blood root. Red gum and sim-
ilar valuable and harmless antiseptics.
The safe and effective catarrh cure may
be found at any drug store under the
name of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
.- .Whether the catarrh Is located In the
nose, throat, bronchial - tabes or stomacc. ,
the tablets seem to act with equal sue- "
cess, removing the stuffy feeling In hea-l
and nose, clearing the mucous membrane
of throat and trachea from catarrhal se-
cretions, which cause the tickling, cough-
ing, hawking and gagging so annoying to
every catarrh sufferer.
. Nasal catarrh generally leads to ulcera-
tion, in some cases to such an extent a*
to destroy the nose entirely and in man-/
old cases of catarrh the bones of the head
become diseased. .Nasal . catarrh grad-
ually extends .to the throat and bronchial
tubes and very " often to the stomach ,
causing' that- very, obstinate trouble, ca-
tarrh of the stomach.
Catarrh is a systemic poison, inherent
In the blood, and local washes, douches,
salves, inhaler3 and sprays can- have no
effect on the real cause of the disease. '
An internal remedy which acts upon the
blood is the only rational treatment and
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets is the safest of
all internal remedies, as well aa the most-
convenient and satisfactory from a med-
ical standpoint. -. •
Dr. ¦ Eaton recently stated that he had
successfully used Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets in old chronic cases,, even where ui-
ceration- had extended so far as to de-
stroy the septum of the nose. He says:
"I am pleasantly surprised almost every
day by. the excellent results from Stuart's
Catarrh' Tablets. It Is remarkable hovv
effectually they remove the excessive se-
cretion, and bring about a healthy con-
dition of the mucous membranes of the
nose, throat and stomacn." - - ¦
All druggists sell complete treatment oJ
the Tablets at 50 cents and a little booh
giving . the symptoms and causes of the
various forms of catarrh will be mailed
free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Ma-.
shall. Mich.
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MM.
Established 1831. Con-
sultation and private boon
free at office or by maU
:. Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRAXC/SCO. CAU.Some authorities on dyeing say that sltk
othe'rTabrlc. 1101 ' 13 a dye bette/ than any
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 10. — Oil ha» . been
In the Harper well on the desert, 120 miles from
here. , The oil. i* of - excellent grade: and \rfcs
•truck at a depth of S00 feet.
"• ..WASHINGTON."*' Jan. r< 10.— Secretary' Gage
has ' received : a", telegram -, from I Governor > Shaw
stating '• that he cannot t arrange \ his affairs ; so
a» to take chi'j ge of. the .Treasury I Department ;
on ; the ? date r set; and asking; Mr.. .Gage to re
main ;, until > February * I." - Secretary;, Gage -has
consented j to do so. /.-
Olympians Will Walk to Bolinas.
The cross-country walk of ; Olympic
Club members will be .held to-morrow.
Tbe party, headed by President William
Greer Harrison, will leave here on -the
8 aJ m. boat for Sausallto. They will
leave the train at Ross station and will
walk to : the Summit House * on Bolinas
Ridge. .After luncheon the return" trip
will be made by another route. ; Fast time
will not be attempted. Captain George
James will look after the comfort of the
members who make up the party. •
The Eastern ball players will give a few
more exhibitions at Recreation Park be
fore starting on their homeward Journey.
Games will be played to-day and to-mor
row afternoon, and the series will be
brought to a close one week from to
morrow. There is a widespread desire
among the patrons of the game -to see
"Ham" Iburg, the California star twirler,
pitch one game against the sluggers " of
the Association with the Nationals behind
him for support. This desire will probably
bfe gratified. Negotiations to that end
have been started, and Iburg will prob
ably make his farewell appearance in" the
final game. At the close of the series the
California League management will begin
preparations for the season of 1902, which
will be opened in April. The management
¦ contemplates making extensive improve
ments in the grounds. . •. : .
Eastern Hen on the Diamond.
The new rubber-cored ball has .not ', yet
been tried by any considerable number, of
British- golf ers, . as "• samples *: only have !
reached • Great Britain as ; yet. A British
golfer who. tried; one of 4 the. samples, says
he gained about twenty yards in length
over the guttapercha' ball in driving from
the tee. - - •-¦.,. ;- '¦r:\i-- ¦ ¦¦;..; -¦ ;¦•
. It is certainly a fact that a ball which
should Increase the length of an average
driver's stroke by fifty yards would be an
undesirable thing. ; Golf courses have been
laid out ' in ' conformity .with ¦ con
ditions, teeing < grounds and - hazards being
placed so that , a ; good - player • may ¦ reap
some advantage from his skill; but a ball
that would travel fifty yards farther than
those now in use would tendsttrpufplayv
ers more on ; one level. •< Suppose- av hole
with a f hazard required- a > carry^of ;-150
yards to clear it and a full second shot to
reach the green.-' This can readily be done
bya first-rate golfer, but 'an Inferior., one
would need three* strokes 'to get onto the
green. With a ball carrying j fifty, yards
farther , than . the ' guttle, ¦ the < good r golfer
would -need only, a drive, and -an 1 Iron 'shot
and ' would gain nothing over the Inferior
player, • who could ' clear, the hazard . on his
drive and reach the green with his second
shot. ; - The : introduction iof vsuch :a^ball
would-make it necessary^ to plan; existing
polf . courses r afresh '¦ and - would s not' be t for
.th.~r.nA n f the rame.
The triple contest . on New:: Year's day
seems to have satisfied the competitive In
stinct of the men: at. the Presidio and
nothing is : announced for- them. i''J. ; \;-W.'
Byrne has been chosen j?resident, Andrew
Carrigan secretary, ana S. L. -Abbot-, Jr.
captain for the coming year. Lansing'O.'
Kellogg" returned on Wednesday from a
trip,' during which he played on the links
of the Los Angeles Country 'Club, of the
Hotel Green at Pasadena, of the Conorado
Golf Club, : of the Rubidoux Golf Club ; at
Riverside and. of , the Redlands Country
Club. :, r \ - : \ '"'•¦,: ¦-.--:;¦¦ •';:>V:-i
" On morning, beginning" af. 9:30,
the final round of the competition for the
council's cup for' women r will take place.
This is the last event on the"; schedulfe . of
events for members of . the ladles', annex
of the San Francisco Golf Club. Other
competitions 'will be announced In due
course.- "r'M;--.-': -, ; . :¦•.•¦¦¦'.;..•• - : /.- , : v 7-, ¦:•.
The quarantine regulations "of . England,
by ; which Ithe- Board of Agriculture -re
stricted; the importation of .-. greyhounds
and. other dogs' from Ireland ;to England
and Scotland; is ; no longer : In effect and
there, is | much rejoicing , In the camps of
the leashmen. and j breeders: over -the" sea."
/.Nearly, three ; years ago ithe -board- put
In force a strict quarantine : in conse
quence of "a; serious outbreak of .rabies In
Ireland, | and , the 'removal of .- the embargo
indicates -that the 'epidemic has been en
tirely .stamped- out."< The 1 action of 'the
authorities ¦ In rescinding "• their order will
"give the cours'lngr game a boom and inter
country; stakes will •; again ! be . a , feature 'of
the \sport. '-.. From^ now Irish 'grey
hounds '.will .be free ; to landMn ports of
England 'I and > Scotland ' for coursing arid
breeding; purposes , and -¦return, i and En«-'
Usn greyhounds | can | cross : " the 3e.a and
run , at Irish coursing meetings. , The. open
ing of : the. ports- by ; the decision, of: the
Board : of Agriculture Is of more than' lit
tle I importance to . tne sport: of the- leash,
and coming as it does at this time "places
the game, at its former hlghstanding and
is opportune for the -Waterloo cup ¦ stake
meeting, a coursing event, which ¦ is : ac
knowledged the- greatest s in r the annals
of the sport. ; . ; This . long-expected change
In; conditions', of -coursing -affairs, will "be
the-, means of making . this season's 'meet
ing, one that will ' go down in coursing his
tory .as <;¦ the : greatest stake $ ever - run - in
Englandif for,-; where., in " last . year's - trials
not ; a single <¦ Irish * greyhound could . com
pete 'on :' account x of," the-."' quarantine, . at
next " month's .; gathering • a ; strong ¦ contin
gent, 1 .; it is 'expected ; will" be i seen"; at - the
great^Altcar meet.' ; ; - ' : '- :¦• / ¦.*¦* • •;¦
; s -Th0 Capital* City; Coursing Club of Sac
ramento i has ! reorganized and < has applied
to I the ; California • Coursing 1 Committee ¦ for
a - license ;to ; conduct s coursing , meetings. "»
.Theodore I Bartels, a' member: of .the well
known.; coursing- firm *of , Bartels' Bros., 1 1s
visiting .,this : :city, and; • : will;; attend • the.
meetings- ;at ;:,' Union: Park" during hi?
month's ;j stay. >.'..-¦ V .' ,
:t Eugene •:,' Geary's v champion greyhourifl
.Palo Alto shows but little effects of his re
cent: accident, and itisexpected that the
.v The: annual- jinks' of .. the Ariel' Rowing
Club I took ¦ p.ace in the San I Francisco I Ca
dets'- Hail , on .• McAllister . street, last Mon
day.nlght; being precededby, the Installa
tion . of :• the j : officers * recently^ elected • for
the • coming -year.^The officers* were: 1 In-"
stalled by E.J. Lynch,; the retiring presi-'
dent.';- During .the entertainment following
the ; installation George '.T. , McGinnisa was
master : of ceremonies. -:, There .was a large
attendance,:- including many." old* members
of : the <| Ariel; Club.' > .-.The r ¦ entertainment
gave' great satisfaction," and • was prepared
by ' a committee : consisting . of :^ Ed ~ Smith,
Robert -; Ellis.v Charles Wilson and ; H. - F.
Lester. . :¦: ': -.'. ¦....¦..¦'•,. : ¦>¦ ¦ ."'^¦•'.
- The .annual 'dinner and -, installation - of
officers of the Dolphin i Boating Club . will
take place at a downtown ¦ restaurant to
night. . .•::.; =...- .-T-;-.-sr ,-•¦. j '-•¦:.¦¦., ¦-/:!
; : The annual meeting and election of offi
cers of the .Alameda^ Boating Club will
take place on Tuesday: evening.; in !' the
clubhouse at the footiof Chestnut street,
Alameda. The | club' has been . in existence
since ,1890 arid; is in ' a /.thoroughly.: sound
and> prosperous t condition. Several V Im
provements are belng\made In itheVclub
quarters, v The living-room is being paint
ed ¦; and grained and will be; supplied with
new/.windows, chairs .'arid: taoies. j' Last
Sunday an. unusual* number of the 'mem
bers were out on Oakland Creek, ! the two
barges, ; three outrigged -skiffs and* other
boats owned by, the club being all. in con
stant demand. - :• ; - .: '"<: r. •¦.. ; ¦¦••' . , ¦¦¦¦¦-¦'-•¦
The South End Rowing. Club is prepar
ing for an active season, during. which it
Is expected several picnics and social en
tertainments -.will be : giveru In 1 ; order to
increase Its membership the initiation. fee
_has been temporarily reduced and several
promising oarsmen are taking advantage
of. the reduction.' vi Ed ;. Wolfe has recently
joined the "club -arid goes! out frequently
for exercise on the water.? : .:¦ V. l ;
Are AW dy / Lookine For
ward to the Opening cf
the Season.- : /
San Francisco "Glub Members
Plan No .Matches for the 1
Future. ;
Raising of Quarantine As
sures Big Meet at N x':
, . ; Waterloo.
ENGLAND BOOMS
COURSING GAME
OARSMEN DINE
AND ENTERTAIN
FEW CONTESTS
ON GOLF LINKS
Swimmers at Sutro's.
The following swimmers and divers will
meet in the various competitions to-mor
row at Sutro Baths:
. 50-yard dash. Juveniles — T.' McFarland, J ?
Whittier, C. Wallett, O. Schultr J. O'Brien
P. Sundbers. H. Seebaeh. F. Baker. A. Heinze,
J. Wilson. J. Jacobs, G. Austin. G. McCarthy,
T. Sullivan. J. L-ipman O. Swett, L Pearle,
W. Bosh. W. Carroll. H. White. J. Mosier H.
Hinea. Diving for plates — E. Berges,' C Mason
L. Brltt, M. Roachem, J. Morris, "W. Cook E.
Woods, E. Smidey, J. O'Keefe, C. Naylor, F.
Paine, C. Wryst, . F. Hoffman,' H. Pfuhl. H.
Leocken. E. McClure, B. Perrill, W. Sorman,
6. Dalton, J. Frants, F. Berser. A; Ott. 100
yiird race, amateurs— C Donovan. O.' Beyfuss,
W. Fisher. J. Murphy. W. Gorman; J. Ryder,
F. Kalston, R. Dahl. C. Harnes, C. Harrington,
T. Carter, C. Fredericks, G. Caulfleld, J.
Shrimp. C. Strohlln. Trick and fancy spring
board diving — O. Beyfusa. J. A. Jackson, K.
Murray. A. Hay. J. Irvine, C Hanlon. C.
Crist. W. Sorman. T. . Boyle, i J.- Vanderbere.
W. Cavanaurh. M. Stem, W. Fisher, S. Fuller.
F. Neal. M, Kergan, J. Sawyer, G Lundin, H.
Wolfe.
IN THE UPPER PICTURE IS SHOWN TRAINER COUTTS AT SANTA MARIA WITH SOME OF HIS CHARGES '
THE CENTER PICTURE SHOWS 1 W.--W. VAN ARSDALE'S CELEBRATED STRING OF SETTEPS WITH THE •
POINTER DR. DANIELS ON THE LEFT. / _ ; , ;" i*£ "V "^ .
The ladles of the California Tennis Club
are planning a. mixed doubles to be held
on some L . Wednesday. Many of the fair
sex devote the mornings to tennis, and
an event of this kind would attract a
large entry. Among those. who will take
part are the Misses Salisbury, Farns
worth. Whitney. Smith, Hunter,. Mecart
ney, Sherwood, Mrs. Du Reynier and Mrs
Kincaid. •
A series of round robin matches be
tween members of the . first class - In the
California Clubls being: talked of. This
would settle the question of supremacy
finally and a ranking of the best players
in the city could be made. . The men who
would be eligible to play are: W. B. Col
lier, H. W. Crowell, S. H. Adams, Merle
Johnson, Drummond •- MacGavIn, Fred
Brown and Grant Smith. The plan is for
each man to .play two matches every
Sunday, the man with the largest number
of victories to rank first, and so on down
the line. '
During the past month the enthusiasm
of the local players seems to have been
felt across the bay, where there is a gen
eral revival of tennis. This is especially
noticeable In Alameda. The Alameda and
Bellevue Tennis clubs are again in exist
ence and -are made up of the best players
In the county. Reuben Hunt is the cham
pion of the former, while Percy Murdock
is the best player in the Bellevue Club.
Hunt has won the championship of Ala
meda County for several years, but this
year Percy Murdock downed the cham
pion in clever fashion. Murdock plays a
graceful game, and three or four years
ago was considered promising.
' The finals of, the class singles tourna
ment commenced on New Year's in Ala
meda-were played yesterday. • The con
testants were Percy Murdock, winner of
class A. and Hamilton Murdock, the first
class winner. The latter received odds, of
"fifteen," and after a close struggle was
beaten , by his brother in straight sets.
The score in Percy's favor was 6 — 4, 8— 0,
Harold Crowell is steadily improving
and • caused a genuine surprise last Sun
day by beating his partner, W. B. Collier,
four straight sets and one of them 6-— 0.
The loser has been playing better tennis
than he ever played and has always
beaten Crowell handily. When the latter
defeated him last Sunday Collier was
somewhat surprised.
The past season has been a successful
one and has brought about several im
portant changes. Several of the ex-cham
pions, of the coast, who ten years ago
were invincible, have again taken up their
rackets and by practice are regaining
their former skill. Both Will Taylor and
Joe Tobln have impressed the present
generation of players favorably. If any
held the opinion that these men were not
good players they changed It when they
saw tbe former experts on the courts.
This coast is the only part of the
United States In which tennis can be
played all the year through and in which
more playing Is done In winter than at
any other time. . ¦>
The New Year's tournament completed
last Sunday brought to a close the winter
season on the tennis courts. .The open
ing event of the spring season will be an
open class singles tournament on .Wash
ington's birthday. -
great stake-winner .will. be. entered In
the next event; for dogs of his class.
;.;Bed_- of Stone. • an Imported English
hound, .well known to j local leashmen.
died recently.. Bed of Stone brought - a
good reputation from ' England ; . but failed
to maintain it after, arriving here.
;'•• A A meeting- of the Interstate ¦ ¦ Coiirsfne
Club will be; held -, on -Tuesday ,iext It if
quite, certain, .that the club will "decide
to change the date and some of the con
ditions regulating : the running of the Fu
,turity, event. .The .month oft November
or December .will be fixed for \n« TiuanM
stake a forr clasa youngsters, instead 'of
early September. - vcau Wl
'il T^ : C w 0B f U1 e the coursing men
i in the interior . a better chance to train
Commodore W. N. McCarthy, having
sold his schooner yacht, will retire from
office. It is expected the nomination will
be offered Vice Commodore R. S. Bridg
man, owner cf the slocp Thetis. Mr.
Rridgman resides in Sausallto, and is an
enthusiastic yachtsman. The nomination
icr vice commodore may be ottered to A.
C Lee of the sloop Surprise.'. He held the
same office in -the, California Yacht Club
in 1899. W. M. Edgell has proved himself
so active and efficient a secretary the
choice of the nominating committee and
the club will be unanimous for him:
.The challenger for the Perpetual cup i3
nearly ready for launching, but the syn
dicate Is not anxious to hurry work upon
her. The boat is quite safe where she
is, and at this season the anchorage off
the Sausalito Clubhouse is somewhat
hazardous, as a violent southeaster may
come up at any time and cause a boat
to drag her moorings. The bands will be
fitted on the mast and the. wire j stays
spliced before the mast Is stepped. After
the yacht is launched a day's work will
put' her in ' readiness . to receive her can
,vas. The general impression Is • that in
'a stiff blow she, will heel over consider
ably. The weather that would be un
favorable to her speed is a light breeze,
and choppy sea, as then ' her flat bow
would be pounded by, the waves and the
boat's headway stopped. ¦ ¦
It is believed that with a strong breeze
and moderate sea nothing on the bay can
touch her. The yacht has alneady been
looked over by many local yachtsmen and
her lines and construction have been com
mented I on favorably. When ready for
: launching, : she :will be hoisted by slings
from the cradle and dropped into tha
water.. It is probable her launching will
be made a club eventl ' -»
Congressman Victor E.Metcalf will bs
asked to *< urge that Belvedere Cove be
dredged and deepened to provide a safe
anchorage for small craft. It in expected
the California Northwestern Railway will
fill up the- lagoon j behind Tiburon. and
erect railroad shops on the ground. When
that work is 'begun, the yachtsmen and
owners of small craft will have no secure
winter, moorings in the bay. All , the
yachtsmen, the California Northwestern
Railway and .the inhabitants of Tiburon
" and . Belvedere, as well as owners of
schooners and .- launches trading out of
Tiburon or- -bringing cargoes to It for
shipment on the rallrcad, are interested
in. the plan: '
A. M, Cook has sold the sloop Anita.
Her new owner, L. Spotswood, will join
the San Francisco Yacht Club. The next
craft to be enrolled will probably be the
launch to be built for F. A. Hyde, which
willbe fitted: with a .Union gas engine of
four . cylinders - and twenty-four horse
power. •" She) was designed by Bacon and
will be built. by. a local builder. It Is said
Charles : Morel,"-: who at - one time owned
the sloop Queen." proposes to build a" yawl
about -65 "feet In length, drawing only ,3
feet of water, but having a board 15 feet
deep. " - r
At ' the v meeting of. the San Francisco
Yacht Club, held Wednesday evening for
the purpose of electing a nominating com
mittee to prepare the regular ticket to be
submitted - at ; the annual meeting ". and
election on the second Wednesday of
"February, Dr.T.L.' Hill, W. G. Morrow
and J. R. Savory were chosen without op
icsltion.
I J -:¦ — — ' — — . ¦
[Yacht Wh ch Will Try for
Perpetual Cup Will Soon
Be Launched.
Next Important Tourney Will
Be Held en Washington's
Eirthday.
READY TO DIP
THE CHALLENGER
next Legislature will make some change
in- the - laws governing- -duck ¦ shooting. .
Either October will be cut out and Feb
ruary restored or it may be returned to
the former state, the season opening: in
October and closing March 1. .
It is expected that the law prohibiting
the sale of quail will result in making
these great game birds numerous withli»
the next three years. Well informed
sportsmen say limiting the bag would
not have the desired effect, as market
hunters find a way to defeat this provision
of the law.
Otto Feudner spent last Sunday at the
Stewart Pond, near Denverton, meeting
with his usual success. He accompanied
George R. Field and Frank Owen, who.
with two other sportsmen, have leased
the shooting privileges at this great pond.
The joint bag was 148 ducks. 25 snipe ami
7 geese. Feudner secured the limit on
both ducks and snipe.
The members of the Alameda Gun Club
enjoyed a good shoot at their preserves
on the Sonoma marsh. Among the mem
bers who returned last Sunday with full
game bags were: Louis Bolander. Paul
Klngton. Frank Geisler. Frank' Naughton
and many others.
. The four members of the Spooney Gun
Club who shot over the club's fresh
water ponds on the Mount Eden marsh
last Sunday enjoyed good sport. The bag
to the four guns was 165 birds. The mem
bers were: Dr. E.- N. Short. L. R. Lar
zalere, William Whltehead and George
Morse.
F. S. Judah. Cornelius Roman. Dr.
George Gere, Walter Woods and H. B.
Gregg shot over the Empire Club's-pre
serves on the Sonoma marsh. Mr. Judah
killed twenty-two "cans." The others did
nearly as well.
J. B. Hauer al3o secured twenty-two
ducks, shooting, by invitation, on a pri
vate preserve.
There was but poor sport near Alva
rado last Sunday. Ed Kerrtson secured
only six and George Franzen nine. *
Tom Watson and Ben Baum secured a
good bag of English snipe near Shellville,
Sonoma County.
. Ed Bowen secured a mixed bag of six
teen "cans" and teal near San Pablo.
J&. Mildner and John Struven killed
thirty "cans'* and teal.
Herman Natheson killed seventeen,
chiefly sprig and spoonbills, near Alva
rado.
Two members of the Canvasback Chit>
secured limit bags last Sunday on their
pre<»erves near Suisun. The members of
the' club are: "Joe" Sweeney. "Jim"
Maynard, Clarence Haight and Mr. Ed
wards.,
Nine members of the Field and Tule
Club and three guests killed 259 birds on
the clubs Suisun preserve last Sunday,
an average of twenty-one birds to the
pun. Louis Titus killed 41. McMahon 42,
A. M. Shields 33, "Johnny" Coleman 23, J
J. Winner 14. Bay 17, M. Unger 18. J.
Homer Fritch 6. A. F. Hopke 11 and tlvj
three guests flftv.
F. H. Bushnell enjoyed an excellent
shoot on Wednesday.
their dogs, as the hot months preceding
the present date are not favorable for
the proper conditioning of puppies for
so great- a stake. A committee, consist
ing of J. H. Rosseter. John A. ¦ Klein. E.
i E. Shotwell, Henry Klevesahl and Judge
, John Grace, has been appointed to confer
; with coursing men on the subject and re
port at the next meeting.
During the intermission to-morrow at
Union Park an important auction sale
of greyhounds will be held. The lot com
prises the entire kennel of W. H. Rob
inson, consisting; of Lawrence Belle by
Lord Neversettle-White Lips, one of the
best hounds in California, and twoof her
litters.
The Freedoms. Lord. Fred. Annie, Jack.
, Bessie. Rosie and Pat— by the great sire
For Freedom, and three puppies by Emin
Pasha, will be spld, without reserve. Law
rence Belle Is the dam_of the noted stake
winners Rocker, - Lawrence and Snapshot
The programme for this week at Union
Park consists of two open stakes, both of
which will be run down ¦ to-day. Llkelv
winners In stake No. 1 art: - /-"««y
Freda C. Rocker." Little Sister. Harlpnn
Gladys. Hickory Dick. Freeze Out. Tapioca
Weri*ewood. Ruby Sankey. " Golden Garter'
Lady Clare. Oleta. Kibosh. Fenlt, Chicago Boy
Roman Athlet-. -Homer Boy. - Tom Hurllck
M.rrlmac Cold Shivers. Wild Xorah. Black
Flush. Kins Cotton and The Grafter
In stake No. 2 likely winners are:
¦n^' a Tw.y b *J* t ? r V Ro8le **•«!<}«. Boodle
52f; n?7 *r^- Lady Xew » rk - Mlg» Wilson.
*alr Oaks, Gramercy. Prompto. Warco Lady
5»yf nP«t. Lovina. Gold Bui. Thelma Lucky
Baldwin. r Roy HuKhie. Sir Pa.ha. TeVrolX
? ta * *<" **»*
WINTER SEASON
OF TENNIS ENDS
prove one of the most interesting ever '
held here. The entry in both the Derby
and lhe all-ape stake is a representative
one, and an unusually large attendance
of well-known sportsmen is expected. A
number of them are anticipating some
good shooting while in the south.
Clinton E. Worden's Lady Jane is sick
at Santa Maria, and Trainer Coutts
doubts whether she will round into, condi
tion In time to be started in the trials.
W. W. Van Arsdale's Bell Boy, by Tony
Boy-Lena Belle, his chief reliance for the
Derby, has gone wrong and will not be a.
contend :r at the trials. He was placed at
the northern trials and was expected to
make a. good ehowlng. It is doubtful it
Mr. Van Arsdale will have a representa
tive in the Derby, as all his young dogs
are reported sick. Trainer Babcock will
rely chiefly on Peach Blossom, second in
the Derby, and first in the all-age last
year, and Count's Mark as representa
tives, in the all-ages htake.
These are two members of the most re
markable litter ever whelped in California-
There were seven puppies in the litter, by
Count Gladstone IV-Peach Mark. They
all grew up strong- and rug-ged and have
never had a moment's illness, escaping
all the ills to which their species usually
fall heir. In the litter were Peach Blos
som, Count's Mark, Sir Peach
Stone, Shadow. Lady and Peach Mark IL
Five of these are entered in the all-age
this year. In addition to the two from
the Van Arsdale- kennel there - will be
Lady, owned by Joe Terry, Peach Blos
som II and Shadow.
Last year five were entered in the Der
by, four starting. This was won by Lady,
with Peach Blossom second. They then
went in the ail-age and the placing was
reversed. Peach Blossom winning and
Lady being second. They are all grand
dogs for a gentleman to shoot over. Peach
Stone and Sir. Mark have not been con
sidered up to the standard for field trial
work, but have shown their owner excel
lent sport in the field in his private shoot-
Ing.
The gunmen have. entered upon their
last month when they may shoot ducks
and -quail. Under the new State law the
season will close on February 1. This
will bring to an untimely end the best
season the sportsmen have enjoyed in
years. The cold, dry weather has kept
the birds from scattering and excellent
bags have been the rule, especially on the
baited ponds of the various shooting
° It is claimed the new law will cut off a
lot of shooting, as the big flight of canvas,
backs 13 Just setting In. There are thou
sands of these birds in Rlchardaons Bay,
near Sausallto, but it is impossible to get
them as they keep outside the range of a
shotgun. The bfuebills are also coming:
In numbers at the present time.
Predictions are beiny mafle that the
Next Legislature May Be
Asked to Change the
Existing Law.
and Bluefeills Just
Heavy Flight of Canvasbacks
Setting- In.
GUNMEN REGRET
APPROACH OF
CLOSE SEASON
SPORTING DOGS READY FOR THE SANTA MARIA FIELD TRIALS
JOHN A. BALMER
ARRIVES TO ACT
AS THE JUDGE
South.
' • V •; l .-.V:,..
Northern Expert Leaves- Here -
This Morning for the
W. W. Van Arsdale's Derby"
Entries Stricken With
Distemper.
The first delegation of sportsmen for the
nineteenth annual meeting of the Pacific ,
Coast Field Trials Club, which opens on
Monday at Santa Maria, will leave this
morning for the scene of the trials.
Judge John A. Balmer of Cle-Elum,
Wash., arrived here yesterday from the
north. He will be of the party which
leaves this morning and will be chape
roned by Secretary ' Albert Betz. W. W.
Van Arsdale, C. W. Hibbard and others.
Judge Balmer will look over the ground
at Santa Maria to-morrow, and will be in
the saddle early ' on Monday morning.
Uach day his duties will require him to
travel more than twenty miles. This js his
first visit to California, He has had wide
experience in the East and in the North- ]
west as a field trials judge.
The forthcoming: meeting- is expected to
Handball Contests.
The handball games In the San Fran
cisco Court to-morrow will be playeaby
the following'. teams: 1 •
E. Maloney and M.* Dillon vs. J. McDermott
and G. Hutchlnson. , . •. . .- ..'¦-...
G. -Green and -W. Johnson vs. F. Smith and
W. Mitchell. .-•-.•-
J. Glynn and R. Regll vs. -E.' White and A.
Whiteman. ¦
' W.-<. Walsh and J.. Brady vs. W. Kavanaugh
and H. " H. Lissner. ' '-'J . ' . - ¦. :
D. Connelly and M.TToyce vs. . M.- Levy i and
J. Lawless. ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ . • . • . : , •_• ¦ ¦ ¦- •¦„
¦ Daniel . McDonald and i P. ' Mclntyre vs." Bat
Bheehan *.nd M. .. Mcl^eod. -.¦••"¦. . .
J. W^ite and-W. Maguire.vs. J. Collins and
E. Curley. 'S<3tiSBW*f*IQnlggM£/biSm)ai&.
\ J.C. Kealon and J. Harlow vb.M." J.- Kil
calion and J. Riordan. - "
THE sb -FKANCISCO .CALL,,' SATURDAY,." jJyTJARY Vl,. l»6'2..
4Fifth race, selling, one mile and twenty yards
— Mr. Phinizy won, Free Admission second,
.Waterhouse third. . Time, 1:42%. . .. ' .
Fourth race, . handicap, seven furlongs —
Pigeon Post won, Jessie Jarboe second, - Lady
Kent third.. Time, 1:27%.
Third race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course — Bristol won, Dagrmar second King El
wood third. Time, 3:10^. '
First race, one mile and a furlong — Mynherr
won. El Ghor second, Campus third. Time,
1:55. •¦:¦¦:':'-¦¦*
Second race, selling:, six and a half furlongs
— Nyx won, Iola second, Sam Lazarus third.
Time. 1:21. . -
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 10. — Crescent City
summary: ¦ „¦ ¦ '
Fourth race — Meehanus, Rey Dare/: Sweet
Tooth.-
Fifth race — Watercure. Vesuvian, Rio Shan
non. [ . . . ¦ ...
Sixth race— Herculean. Dan Collins, . Saul of
Tarsus. • / ,
; TOLEDO,; Ohio, Jan.V,10. T -George B. ;
Ketcham,= owner; and" driver, of .Cresceus,
announced '.¦ to-day '- that } during t the " year
he I received*, more'; than\ $70,000 -In : purses
and " money ) forJ exhibitions ' given ¦ in : vari
ous i parts :,' of . the ? country, byf- Cresceus.
The .horse ,-:¦ was ;. to r day ;,• taken ¦-¦: tolthe
Ketcham- farm,-: where' he will remain
during ; \ the iwinter.T^aggfeigH^Map:;'-" - '
CTresceus', "Winnings.
Amateur '- Handball Games.
..The second series. of games [of the mid
winter Amateur^ Baseball " L_eague "will , be
"played 1 to-morrow, ' at Presidio athletic
grounds. :£ The V- Bushnells '.wjll ; - play E $ the
Tremonts, -while" the- Midgets iwill . cross
bats ;wlth the ¦ Dan : P. \ Carters.,- The first
game will .be called at ,12:30 p." m..
Dies ; Embracing His Wife.
; LEXINGTON, Ky., Jan.'. 10.— Alexander
McClintock, aged 68 . years, % father '< of ; U.
D. ';¦ McClintock, dean - of Chicago Univer
sity, land who at one time was, the' most
prominent "breeder of i'Alderney- 1 stock' in
the South, to-day called his ,wif e* and lay
ing his head i on . her shoulder, 1 died * with-'
oufuttering a. word, v He 7 complained yes- 1
terday. of heart trouble. iTo-day. was the
anniversary of his birth.
Meet of "San Mateo; Hunt Club.
P. The : meet ) of the ' Sari . Mateo" Hunt ', Club
hounds ", to : day v,.wlll ibe; at; J. r J;.<Mo*ore's
country, residencer- Moonneads.'-Fair Oaks;
The pack.wilhbe laid on at 10:30 a. m: The
hounds 1 are in''excellent 'condition; and
should provide good' sport.-. .¦;; :* >y. ••¦¦•.;¦' -r- ¦¦¦•¦ -•¦
i WASHINGTON, .Jan:,; 10.- r Henry C.
Payne, J . whose^ 'arrival has ; been -delayed
by: the 'death of 'a" friend - in i 7 Milwaukee^
will qualify - as . Postmaster- General ' and
assume his • new duties ; either^ next 'Tues
day- or '.Wednesday. ;.? He 3. reach ; here
Sunday".V* Postmaster • General • Smith -will
give - his i f areweil dinner., to > the ; President
and Cabinet Monday evening," after which
he will i be ¦', ready ; to yield ' the - office .to
Payne ¦ and return ; to , his : editorial; duties
In . •PnlladeIphla.'^^aq»MfcH|fllj|MUjJJMiBWtaM
New: Postmaster i General Delayed.
r-The following nineteen men appeared on
the /. field.' for" practice h to-day: Captain
Cowden, • Brown,' -v Lowenthal, ¦ Parker,
Tritch, Crawford, McGilvray, P. : Tarpey,
Plum, ¦¦:• Ballagh, z :Copp,v Luce, Knight,
Young. Dougherty, Biake, Scales, Christy
and ! McFarland." Hereafter ; the ) men-, will
appear on the field every afternoon. Pre
liminary, games ; with -neighboring, teams,'
to.be played shortly," are being arranged.'-
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, "Jan. -10.—
,The ' first ! practice * of - the varsity ) baseball
season was* held \ on- the campus, diamond
this 5 afternoon 'under* the . supervision y of
Coach • Swindells ¦'<% and . ; Captain ; Cowden."
The diamond has been thoroughly scraped
and leveled and, is quite ; fast. . :
Stanford's ; Baseball . Material;
'Governor • Toole wrote to a number ol
the signers and they all replied. that the
signatures were forgeries. Livingston
was i convicted * of obtaining, money on a
f orged f check in : April, 1900, and : given ' five
years In the penitentiary. . i
A few days ago the full extent of the"
forgeries looking to the . pardon of Liv
ingston was revealed. A petition was
received from the prisoner asking for; ex
ecutive clemency and -stating that he was
a member of a prominent New York'fam
ily. There . were 102 names . signed \ to . the
petition, among them being .those'of.Au
gust/Belmont, Hugh Grant, >Vice Presi
dent Roosevelt, : the < - Rev. C - H Park
hurst, A. Edison. W. Astor
Chandler, Casper. Whitney, E. D. Morgan
and Henry Stillman. '• / . ¦
Some time ago the Governor^ received a
letter from the then .Vice President Theo
dore Roosevelt, saying, that a. letter; had
been returned ' to ; him from the ' Dead Let
ter Office purporting to have been written
by him, asking for the pardon 1 of Launce
lot G. Livingston,: a convict in the Mon
tana penitentiary. Roosevelt said the let
ter was a forgery. • ., .,./¦¦
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 10.— Governor.
Toole has unearthed one of ¦¦ the \ most
fraudulent attempts for, the release of a
convict from f the \ penitentiary that has
ever come to light in this State. ,
Montana Governor Balks
Scheme to Release a
X Convict.
FINDS FORGERY
IN A PETITION
- George James was appointed a member
ol ' the registration committee in the
place cf George Lampman.
• The San ' Francisco and Bay . City ath
letic clubs, having , violated the rules - of
the Amateur- Athletic Union ; by .. holding
professional boxing contests, ¦ were sus
pended from membership. The suspension
will '. last until the next annual ; meeting,
unless a special meeting should be called
in the meantime.*. . - - ¦ •.:: ¦¦¦¦¦¦, -
It is proposed that the Pacific Associa
tion shall -give, a grand athletic carnival
in the fall, at : which . the championships
of tha Pacific Coast shall be -competed
lor.' A committee was appointed to take
charge of the event as ' follows : George
James,' chairman ; Herbert Hauser,' A P.
Rothkopf , ¦ A ; • H. Melletz and W. F.
Harris--' '. -'•-. -, --'.- •¦;¦.'¦¦"¦' - ' -¦•:;.:¦.'••
G eorge James I suggested I that a I track
and field-day be' held on Berkeley ovals,
the proceeds jto go to. the fund for send
ing the University^ of f California athletes
to tho East. . President Hinchman ap
pointed George James with full power to
investigate the matter, to interview rep
lesentatives. of. the universities of - Cali
fornia and Stanf ord^and report to the
board. of managers. \ ,„ ;
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Pacific Association "of the Amateur'Ath
'letic Union,*' held last night, Secretary,
Herbert Hauser announced, that the
Multnomah Athletic Club of Portland had
forwarded an application for admission as
a member of the association. The club,
having forwarded its dues 'and . several
registrations of athletes, was accepted as
a member. - *'; -¦.¦._ . . ... . .
Amateur Athletes Meet.
MATTOON, 111.. Jan. 10.— The fart
Westbound express on the Big Four, with
eight coaches filled with sleeping passen
gers, had a miraculous escape from being
wrecked early to-day two miles west of
this city. The axle on the engine broke
and the drive wheel was hurled into the
ditch while the train was going fifty miles
an hour. The engineer by quick work
succeeded in checking the train and tha
engine remained on the track. Railroad
men say the ' avoidance of a wreck. under
such circumstances is unheard of.
SLEEPING PASSE2TG2RS
MIBACULOXJSLY ESCAPE
• A :' tournament , at -;Vasco , Pelbta,'- ; the
Spanish ball game, .which is attracting: so
much attention : in the "city at the present
time, will be* played- on Saturday "after-,
noon, January - 25,' in ; the ¦ cancha at Cen-^
trar Park. ". The . entire . proceeds will - Be
given; to the Soclety's'of Doctor's Daugh
ters, which . is taking the affair ; in 'hand.;
It is expected^ a large number • of
known people will' attend the tournament;
for which. boxes have already been- en
gaged ; by Messrs. .'Baker, ; Dean, . Miller,"
McNear, Tubbs, Pillsbury' and several
others.. Admission tickets ' entltllngf.%: the
holder to • a • reserved seat may - be ', pro
cured from any .member of the society. ,
Several well-known young men in the
city have tried }. their \ hands • at ' Pelota
under the- tuition" 1 ; of --the professlcnals,
and it is possible, some of ' them may. be
Induced to show what- they have learned
of the ; game. It - calls for the greatest
quickness and - activity. , Some members
of the \ Burlingame Country j Club .have
teen so much attracted by its novelty
and by tho opportunities it affords for
exercise " that they, are talking of b'uila
ing a court-af Burllngame.
Society to Turn Out in Force ; to Wit-
ness the Great Basque > Ball
." -, ".v; Game." •'¦v-."». •:.-. s. ;
After the inspection; of the tunnel, Dis
trict; Attorney Jerome announced that he
would? not * oppose an application for the
release of Engineer Wiskar on $10,000 bail.
This action, he said, was the result of
the' investigation,' which showed the au
thorities '- that a charge of murder In the
first 'degree could not be made against
the engineer. , The charge that could be
made/ he explained, was manslaughter in
the second degree. •
Trhe surgeons at Bellevue Hospital said 1
to-day that Thomas P. Murphy, whose
leg was amputated last night as a result
of Injuries received in Wednesday's tun
nel accident, had rallied from the opera
tion and lhad good chances of recovery.
Arthur Whltely, ; who was scalded and
hurt internaliy, was in a critical condition
to-day. He is 18 years old and was em
ployed as a clerk. Albert Wadley of New
Rochelle, who . had • both legs fractured,
improved during the' night.
Three of .those hurt— George Winter,
Winfleld Schultze and A. E. W. McCray—
were not improved \ to-day. ' Winter was
burned, his left leg was fractured and he
suffered much from shock.' He is not yet
outof danger. Schultze and McCray were
badly burned and each ¦ has &¦ broken leg.
A.' W. Adams, < the .carriage • manufacturer
of this city,' was better to-day. ;
The New York Central will change' its
motive power in the Park-avenue tunnel
within avyear. Electricity. will be substi
tuted for steam on" all locals trains,, and
as soon as possible trunk-lino trains will
be hauled Into and out of the Granri Cen
tral ( station by - less dangerous methods.
An extra force of experts has been added
to : the large . force "of ¦.- electricians, and
these have been at work within the tun
nel since Wednesday's accident, trying to
devise •> satisfactory . plans for a speedy
change. \ '¦ .:¦¦.' ¦¦¦:¦¦ ' ¦ ' '
CHE X KNTTES . DANCE
V FOR THE WARPATH
Sui cid e of Three Indians Stirs . the
¦ Lame Deer Agency. Beds to
/•'. Anger. .
1 BUTTB,' Mont., Jan.' 10— A special to
the Miner JfromvForsythe- says further
word 'has; been; received giving the details
of the ; : trouble : among the Cheyenne , In
dians at Lame ¦ Deer Agency. 0 It appears
that Indian ;;White; after refusing to obey
the i Bummonds ;of the post ' agent, opened
fire upon «the posse;. sent 'to arrest- him;
shot one of the Indian policemen and then
killled himself. Out of > respect " for', her
dead brave the .wife,' and also the daugh
ter, : committed ; suicide. \ /: • :.¦:-'
¦ This tragedy caused the greatest "excite
ment among the Cheyennes.}: There is one
troop , of i cavalry stationed at the t Lame
Deer; Agency , and *, reinforcements 1 ; have
been sent : for. • There is ; no ; direct method
of ' communication - with : the * agency and
Information Ms difficult i to .obtain. - The
stage driver . who j arrived at = Forsy tho . to
night .; brought word v that, the ¦ Cheyennes
were l \, Btill •: troublesome " and the
braves of .the tribe were conducting, their
war dances:;, *'". v r / ? ¦?.;•'• V,' : -{•¦.-;• '¦ -.-• -•;;.<
: -'The:engine came up,-* the little observa
tion engine was run out of the way, and
•the larger, engine .was ; brought through
the ¦'¦ block.'- Again' the torpedo failed to
explode. :*Four more times .-the big loco
motive :was run through ; the block and
not once did the torpedo' explode. The
railroad officials explained this by saying
that the mechanism throwing the torpedo
into place, had been pressed out of order,
so , that; the 'flange of .the- wheels did .not
touch the torpedo, v .
According to the .Evening Post, the tor
pedo went into position alongside the rail
automatically - and should < have been cut
and- exploded, by, -the flange on -the wheels
of ¦ the - engine. r^ After/ a • consultation it
,was decided to bring up a heavier switch
engine. of the saino size 'as. the passenger
engines. . - . — ¦ ' ; . ¦ . -
.NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— District Attorney
Jerome, >. State - Railroad r . Commissioner
Baker;- Assistant -District "Attorney Gar
vin and , Superintendent >; Franklin of the
railroad * to-day made a : trlp' ; of inspection
through the tunnel ih : 'which':the disaster
occurred last Wednesday.-^ A thorough ex
amination ¦-, of 'the- tunnel •; wast made, in
cluding I the 'of the - block ! signal
system." j Tests were ; made j also i of the dis
tancei at - whichr lights: .could; > be;'; seen
¦through* smoke and steam' in tne tunnel. V.
The offlcials!f6und\tne atmosphere fair
ly l clear, most i of . the j way, •• but at .Ninety-,
sixth • street i. they : were enveloped 'inf a
cloud of smoke, and- steam^so '.dense; that
nothing could ;be seen. On the return trip
,the tunnel;: was 1 clear.' At •• Sixty-third
street. the green. light showed plainly, that
being- the precautionary signal before en
tering, the 'block!- below, and the observa
tion engine slowed up until the red: danger
light ; was seen at Fifty-ninth street. <• The
bell rang," but the torpedo did" not explode.
The engine was ' stopped,' and- the
explained -that the little Mogul, or obser
vation engine,' was not' heavy enough nor
Its . wheels . large .enough'to explode '¦- the
torpedo ' as ' a big passenger locomotive
would do. V.: ¦•¦ •.•-•'' •' .-v;- ;-- -
Mail in Pneumatic Tubes.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—Representa
tive Roberts of Massachusetts to-day in
troduced a. bill- authorizing the Postmas
ter General to contract for pneumatio
tube mail service In New York, Brooklyn,
Chicago, Philadelphia, St. Louis and Bos
ton, and fixing the routes for the service
and the limit of cost for each route.
of that difference. During that period of
eleven years, notwithstanding the enormous
increase In traffic, four so-called ' trunk lines
have through destructive competition fatted
and then reorganized, and all but one of them
have been absorbed by "the stronger surviving
lines. Destructive competition has forced the
weakest lines into bankruptcy and to-day they
are owned by the lines that were able to main
tain their position and credit, giving the ability
to acquire these bankrupt roads. - - -
. The Baltimore and Ohio and the Pennsylvania
for half a century have been rival roads. Both
States and cities . actively aided In building
them up— destructive competition between them
has finally, resulted in the Pennsylvania Rail
road owning the Baltimore and Ohio. - Have
the rates advanced? Have the people along
the line of the Baltimore and Ohio suffered?
On the contrary the first step has been to fur
nish money to cut down the grades, double
track the line from the Ohio River to Chicago
and to furnish cars and facilities to handle the
business at best advantage and at such rates
as - will enable the shippers along the line to
increase their business In every branch of
trade and to rely upon a . solvent company for
the facilities necessary to transact their busi
ness. -CMHBMHBI
Differences in the Cost.
After speaking of - the congestion • of
transportation throughout the country h«
said: B9I
" Careful examination of the railway problem
from a national standpoint win, I believe, show
beyond question that the business of the coun
try has outgrown the facilities on most of tha
trunk lines,- and. that new facilities will, be
provided to relieve the situation.. Rates in the
United States are much lower than In- other
countries. Wages are higher, . the . cost of
much of the material is much higher than ' In
Europe, yet rate charges Is Europe are fully
twice. as high as In America- The conditions
in these countries change very rapidly — while
rates have been - eut in two in twenty years,
all ' kinds of labor and : materials used by the
railways have advanced from 30 to 60 per cent.
Nothing but the Increased .volume- of traffic
has made It possible to reduce rates as they
have been reduced. ?j&gggjjmmBm
To-day we find the volume of traffic so great
east of Chicago that the railways are not able
to move it under the present conditions. How
will these conditions be changed and at whose
cost? Who will - build . new lines or Increase
old .ones? These are the questions which I will
'not undertake to answer further than to say
.that. the West must have the facilities or suffer
for the want of them. The public must bear
,ln mind that & bankrupt road cannot furnish,
good . service.
hope In the future that with better methods
of cultivation and more knowledge of what is
required your condition may be constantly Im
proved,: and if your condition Is improved ours
•will certainly share it with you. As the-vol
ume of traffic Increases our rates will be re
duced. Remember that whatever helps you
helps the railroad,' And whatever hurts you or
restricts your growth restricts the . growth of
the railroad serving- you. We will always pros,
per together or be poor together.
• . During ¦ this •¦ time the mileage . of the ' rail
roads v In ;: the - United • States ¦ Increased - 18 • per"
cent. : While the tons moved showed an 5 In
crease ¦ of .120 per . cent - the ' earnings . show an
Increase : of . less than 40 per cent. • . During this
time ,tbe /rates have -been reduced to ' the ' extent
'¦ The conditions of the ' general ' railroad situa
tion in < the United . States at : the present time
are; hardly understood. For- the ¦ year • ending
June • 30,: 1S90, the number of tons carried -one
mile by 'the •> railroads was -76, 205, 000,000.. rln
1900 . It was • 141,600,000,000. '¦ as ; shown by the
Interstate • Commerce Commission reports. * In
1901 a safe estimate will' bring this to 165,000.
000,000 : tons ., carried cne . mile,' an Increase . of
120 per cent in ' eleven : years. MUHfOfcaflBKipra
'HillJcalled attention to. the former high
rates on the Great Lakes and how North
western railroads * had „ established new
lines and ; forced ¦ reductions in ' rates . from
the East; and by means of new elevators
had compelled ..lower." rates there also.
After further. touching on rate reductions
he said:"
Condition of Railroads.
Suppose by death of present owners the stock
should be scattered and a majority of It finds
Its way Into the hands ' of those Interested " In
competing ¦ lines serving the ' country to . the
south of . the territory-- served by the Great
Northern and Northern Pacific? Would the peo
ple along the lines of these railways be bene
fited If the present owners of a majority of the
stock of, the two companies could be compelled
to sell or dispose of It on -the markets?: "Would
It fall Into hands more interested ' in the devel
opment and In the prosperity of the Northwest
than its present owners ? How is It : that the
lines have -been extended. and. Improved? "What
brought about the : present .' condition . of pros
perity of . the two companies? "What has •en
abled them to serve the people along the line
as they have been served? Plainly th* willing
ness and the ability of those 'controlling large
Interests of the stock of ' the company who
found It to their advantage . to build up the
lines and to promote the settlement of the ter
ritory tributary to It .will conUnue It.
Privileges of. the Public
•' The capital stock of railway companies, as of
other ' corporations, will be held by somebody
and ¦ somewhere." Railway companies as car
riers are subject to supervision and control by
.the public for the purpose of insuring the per
formance of their obligations to the public. The
capital employed In railroad construction Is
made public. Railroads make public through
published rates the price charged for trans
portation, the only thing they have to sell, and
must report 'the amount they receive for whit
they, sell and what: has been done with It.
Courts are open for the purpose of determin
ing whether railway companies as carriers ob
serve . their . obligations . to ' the public. The
question of < the ~- reasonableness of rates and
jservlce does not depend upon whether one man
owns the capital stock of a ' railway or an
other;'whether the capital stock. Is owned by
ten men or one thousand, by persons or by cor
porations. The capital stocjc of a railway com
pany Is personal property to be sold, . trans
ferred - from one man to another and any one
may purchase and . hold all that he has the
means to | buy and ! pay for. The capital stock
of the Northern . Pacific and the Great Northern
will ' be : held by somebody,- persons or corpora
¦ tlons, if not by the . present owners . by * other
owners. ' ¦:".'- . -. - ¦
3 Assuming that the line of the Burlington had
not been constructed and that the Great North
ern and Northern Pacific Jointly had raised the
money and were engaged in the construction of
It, would there be anything to meet the disap
proval of the States.iraversed by the line of tt.e
Great Northern and/Northern Pacific? On. the
contrary, would not such a course have been
hailed with approval as a means of opening tip
markets for Northwestern • produce and ¦ of
reaching markets In the South and .Southwfat
and. of securing business. Increasing the vol
ume of the traffic of the Great Northern and
the Northern Pacific, , thus making reduction of
rates and adding to the general prosperity of
the Northwest? Instead of building the Bur
liugton system, or a Hne of railway alongside
It, the Great Northern ¦ and Northern Pacific
purchases ¦ the capital stock of a line already
constructed. Instead of issuing stock or boml3
for the purpose of raising money for building
a line reaching the same country, bonds were
issued ' to purchase the - stock of a constructed
line.
• There, has recently been an attempt to show
that we have no interest In the building up of
the prosperity of the people of your State and
of the Northwest. If we did not do everything
in our power to build you up we would be false
to our best Interests. Our object In acquiring
the Burlington Jointly with the Northern Pa
cific Railway was to insure an outlet to the
best markets for the grain, livestock and lum
ber for the Northern States and to increase the
volume of our* traffic to the end that we might
at all times be able to establish the lowest rates
and ¦ most favorable conditions under which
traffic must be ' carried. The Burlineton, j with
its own rails, reaches Chicago, , Peorla. Rock
Island, Davenport, Qulncy, Alton, Hannibal.
St. Louis, St. Joseph, Kansas City, Dea Molnes,
Omaha and Denver, and connects with ¦ the
main arteries of traffic of the whole country. . -
Twenty-five years ago it was supposed that
competition was necessary to reduce rates. I
think that we have shown in the Northwest
that without competition rates , have .been re
duced faster than anywhere else -in the country.
Reduction of the "Bates.
Hill opened with a few- words of praise
for the farmers, saying - that "the future
welfare. of the country depends more upon
the wise disposition of the public domain,
so-'asV to -secure homes for. the ; people,
.than j upon j any '¦ other single condition in
the; nat&n." He J discussed j the \ need of
action ' to k secure, more markets for j the
surplus of products, controlling the action
of . other nations in that respect. After,
speaking 'of the development of the North
west - he j said he .thought s , one kind of.
of interest 1 V which really.ex
isted was: that between the producer of
tonnage and the carrier; -the land and its.
products and • the : railroads will either
prosper together or be ¦ poor - together.
Much is being said, he declared, about
combination 'between railroads and-com
petitiou. The law of the survival of the
fittest must inevitably end such compe
tition as exists by the destruction of tho
weaker by the stronger. .This ha» already
been done In he East. He said In part:
FARGO, N. D., Jan. 10.— President
James J. Hill of the .Great Northern Rail
way . this afternoon . addressed the Tri-
State ' Association of \ Grain' and Cattle
Growers,".. whiclThas ; been . in session 7 . here
this week. The crowd to-day, was very
large and included farmers and business
men from all parts of Minnesota and both
Dakotas. "¦¦¦ , . .. „¦ -
Hogs said to-night that he had «clti
land in the Beaumont field for $300,000 per
acre, and ho considered the new oil land
which he holds just as valuable. At this
rate the discovery near Columbia means
an increase of Hogg's wealth to the ex
cnt of more than 580,000,000. This is ex
clusive of 14,000 acres adjoining the new
¦well, on which Hogg and his associates
have a lease. Hogg says that this discov
ery is of much greater Importance than
the Beaumont oil discovery. The new field
Is ¦ only eighteen miles from the water
port of Velasco.
- Hogg, denied the published report that
he has disposed of any of his interests in
the Beaumont oil field to the Standard
Oil Company. He said he sold a part of
his Interests there to English capltlista
tor $2,256,000.
Former Governor J. S. Hogg, who owns
a one-eighth interest in the new well, ar
rived here to-day after a three months'
absence in New. York. He received tele
grams this evening confirming Wardeli'»
statement as to the amount of the tiow
of the well. Hogg , Is enthusiastic over
the rich strike. It means that he is ona
of the richest men in tho country, as ha
owns in fee simple 270 acres of land of
the 400 acres comprising the elevation on
which thn oil is found. ¦ •
Thomas "Wardell arrived here . to-day
direct from the new well. He says It la
a guiuine gusher and flowing at least
30,0)0 barrels of oil per day." It was not
completed . when the oil stream burst
forth,- and it i3 thought that had it been
well cleaned and baled the flow would
amount to twice the present output, as
it is an o5ght-lnch hole. The oil has not
yet been tested, but It has the appear
ance of being of the same character as
the Beaumont oil. ¦
AUSTIN, Tex.,' Jan. 10.— The discovery
of oil yesterday, near Columbia, Tex.. In
an entirely new? field, situated about 150
miles west of the. Beaumont oil district,
has caused intense excitement throughout
the State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
New York 'Officials; Dis
' coyer IMe-^
-:;¦--. v T: clianism^ 'Si .
Great Northern President
Speaks About Con- \
solidation.
Several ladles from ; Oakland were out
practicing on > the - Presidio links yester
day: and in'the afternoon L. O. Kellogg,
B. J.'.McCutchen,' "W. -E. Lester, ¦ H. ¦ C.
Golcher and others made [ the round of
the course. ' ¦ ¦ . : ;
,. A close struggle is ( expected on Mon
aay between Mrs.- R. G. Brown and Miss
Alice Hager, as the "latter is playing 1 in
excellent form,' her first round yesterday
being : done in 49. - t .lt ', Miss Hager should
prove ' victorious' a" new name will be en
graved on the trophy, but if Mrs. Brown
wins she will take the cup, as she has al
ready won it twice.
The . opening round of-the competition
was- played -on "Wednesday morning, -the
contestants .beingr- the r eight' ladies ¦•who
qualified on Monday. \ last. Miss - Alice
Hoffman beat -Miss ,• Carroll, -> 4- up 2 to
play;. Mrs/' R. G. Brown" beat: Miss Flor
ence Ives, 3 up 2to" play; Miss Alice Ha
ger; won .from .Miss 'Morgan, -6 up> 5 .to
play, and Miss Sarah 'Drum .'defeated Miss
Kdith Chesebrough; 6 up 5 to-play. ..
I -' In the : semi-final round ! of 'the" competi
tion : for ;the;, Council's ; ciip ;A for "women
yesterday ion . the . links of", the : San Fran
c!sco"Golf Club .Mrs. R. GIlman'-Brown
v^ori from Miss Alice Hoffman, 3 up 2 to
play, v and -"Miss i Alice B Hager I beat : Miss
Sarah Drum,, 7. up 5, to play. _ r This brings
Mrs. : 11. ; G. Brown and Miss Alice Hager
together in -the final round, which i will . be
played on Monday morning, begining at
9:30. ' > ¦¦-¦¦ ¦h-'r-ys -:<¦¦•:-:.-. •
Final Bound for Council's Cup
* ; . .' on. Presidio Links. : . •
Winner Will Meet >Mfss Hager in
Gusher of Remarkable
Volume Found Near
Columbia.
MBS. BROWN: DEFEATS . .¦ ;.
! ' ' -,'¦ ' }*¦ MISS ALICE HOFFMAN
OIL OVERRUNS
TEXAS FIELDS
HILL PLEADS
FOR RAILROADS
TORPEDO FAILS
IN THE TUNNEL
rresldent "W. J. Kenney, C. "WVMarwedel J
P. . Allen,- H. ¦ P. -Smith,; A.% W. ¦ Benton Joseph
A. Briegel, Hugo Muller. W. P.- WilHams -W.
B. Statzman- B. P; Baggot, Joseph Holle,^ M.
H. - Whlpple. Edwin . Mohrig, • Phil B. . Bekeart,
B.H. Crlppln, M. J. Tansey L : Phil Lyon.' A! H.
Wright. H. F. ¦ Burke. XV. . il. • Hoegel C. M.
Christcfter. J. Qulnlan. H." V. Radke ¦ Georgx
F. Lengeman.: E ; L. : Fulla, . J. ' J. ; Eames, C. E.
Baker, E. Wiener, J. j Schlesslnger, H. Schles
singer.-G. Calomlcolv.- -
The dealers In attendance : at the" con
ventions i enjoyed •': a - banquet* last night;
Those present included : " -
'An 'effort , will-' be" made* to \ regulate
prices; for. repairsiand for new'tires and
terms of -installment*, sales. ¦:. Commltees
were^appointed • to report at a meeting at
If. o'clock this morning in 1 the ; Assembly
Hall of the- Parrott building on those
matters. ¦.-. :'-.'V-v: : .. -„•,••¦.. .,¦ . v . ¦..
' The, purposes -of j the new .'organization
are. to promote good roads legislation and
to advance In every: way possible the in
terests of the trade. - - .
:¦ President. ' W. J. Kenny of San I Francisco;
vice president, E. H. Crlppen of Los Angeles;
secretary, J. A. Brlegel ; of Oakland ; assistant
secretary, P. H. Lyons of Los Angeles; treas
urer, F. . M. 1 Jones of-: Sacramento. ¦ Board of
directors— Messrs. ¦ Kenny, - Leavltt and - Allen
of San Francisco; : Crlppen/r: Lyons, and^Hoegee
of Los Angeles ;Brlegel, Thiebault and Faulk
ner of Oakland: Smith and Desimone of San
Joes, Jcrsea and Banta. of Sacramento, Greg
ory of Fresno, j Dexter ol r Alameda,. Schelling
of Santa Rosa, .Wright ' of Stockton, , Schwartz
of Xapa, Moore of Santa ' Barbara; Bell of!Po
mona, Braley of Pasadena and Dibble of Santa'
Clara. - -. -: .- ¦¦ - :.¦¦ - • - .-- < • ¦
Officers were "elected as follows
The bicycle men from. various. parts of
the State,'- mainly ; delegates " from '¦; local
cycle boards "of -trade, "who; had been In
session for two , days past j in - the Parrott
building,' effected an • organization yester
day under * the j name'' of * the "California
Cycle Board. of. Trade. ' _~x V ; '\
Bicycle Dealers" of California
Organize a State Board
,. f of Trade.
FOR GOOD ROADS
AND FAIR PRICES
HORTON EQUALS A COAST RECORD
BYRON ROSE, RIDDEN BY RANSCH,
BEATS EONIC FOR THE HANDICAP
Colonial Girl Finishes Ahead of the Heavily Backed Shell: Mount;
Jockey Hoar Has a Hard Fall— Four Favorites Go Down.
THE CALL'S: -RACIN (x FORM > CHART.
OAmiAlfDjaACETBiACK-jF^^
3119. FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up;, to first,- $325. .-. ••¦ .
~ ..•- \ ~~ : : ~ ; " .-•-¦• ,- .:-¦ , Betting.
Index Horse. Age. "Welsht St. %. .-.,%. Str. 'Fin. Owner and Jockey. - Op.' ;CL'
3047 Gold Finder, 5.... 114 5 3h 3 2 In In M Storn '...... O'Connor .4. -8
3102 Senator Matts, 6.. 114 14 1 5 6 5 4 " 2 1 H* L. Haskell.. .Mounce 10 12
2500 Eldred. 4 109 3 2 4 2 3 4^ 3h Ashton & Harris.. .Hoar ¦ 7 10
3070 Limelight. 0 .....114 7 , -.7 h 7 n.->O 1 4 1 OeorKe-Hecox. .'. ..Coaley 10 ,' 12
3O97 Captivate, 4 104 « el - 4 i£ - 3 h " J3 - |P Hlldreth.-...T. Burns - 3 14-5
3040 Courtier, 4 Ill 8. 9 Vj 8 2 '71 61- Kztll & Lazarus..Birkrth .3 4
2973 Go Out 5 11011 10 1 Jl' 8 2 71-' J Burrows.... V.Jackson . 5-15
3047 B. F. Mason, 5. .114 0 8 2 .. 9 2 » 2 " 8 « \V. G. Matthews.Mathws 10 .- 15
25S7 Mrs. C, & 105 2 In In 2 »*- » 3 J S Campbell. J. woods 6 - 6 '
2»S6 Mary Xance. a.. 105 10 11 11 10 8 10 10 Abbott & Co. ...A. Kelly . 15 25
2697 IMadge Simpson. 4.102 4 5 1-10 1 11 11 Mrs. S.- Bennett. .McGinn 20 ' CO
Time— Vi. :24: 14. :4S%; %. 1:14%. Good start. ' Won first three driving.; .Winner; M. Storn"s
ch. g. by Clieveden-MiEtake. Only the excellent handling received won the race for Gold
Finder. With Mrs. C out Eldred might have scored. . Captivate a slow, beginner and
bumped opposite the paddock besides. Too short for Limelight. Courtier another very slow
beginner. Scratched — Osmond 107. ,.: •/ ¦ •¦- .', '_ J nnn __Lt^\
3120. SECOND RACE — Futurity course; Belling; three-year-olds; to first. $325. > ¦ :
" [ ' ~~ ! I ! ~ : ~~ ~ - - . ¦ ~7 r Betting.
Index Horse and Weight St. #._ X- . . Str.' Fin.- • Owner and Jockey." Op. j CI.
2942 Colonial Girl 109 1 5 2 . 3 2 .1 n 1 1 W. M. Rogers. Buchanan 6-2-5-2
3017 Shell Mount Ill 3 4 n 2 n 2 n>- ' 2 n D. Cameron ....Mounce -.'2/3-2
3035 Tyranus Ill 2- 3 2 4 2 •' 4 1 3 1- Summers & Co. O'Connor -- 6 - - 10
3107 The Weaver 122 4 1 *4 1 1 3 1 ~ 42 " H I. -Wilson E. Jones . 15 • 7
:tO9O Constable 11110 73J51 52 66 Ezell & Lazarus. Birkrth .6 9
2783 Halmetta .."..... .109 £2161 6161 ' XV. H. Ketcheman.Troxlr 6 , 15
3113 Matin Bell Ill 8 6 2 7 1 7 1 7 1 Chinn & Forsythe.Conley 60 100
2DS1 Remele ;:111 9 81 8 l-'8 1 8 2- Liberty Stable... McGinn 60 100
2873 Arigato 109 7 9 '8 0 ,9 • \V. G. Matthews.Mathws >.15. 40
3107 I Baltest .:.lll 5 • ... ... ... : B. Schreiber ......Hoar . " 20 ¦ 150
Time — To %. :21»4; to :46; last % 1:01; short % 1:11.' Good start. -Won handily. Sec-'
ond and third driving. Winner. W.-M. Rogers' b. t. by Meddler-Sprinrtlde. ¦ After being
badly cut off and dropping behind on the back stretch," Colonial Girl easily outfooted the
favorite. Tyranus ran a nice race. So did The Weaver. Others outclassed. Scratched—
Sol Lichtensteln 119. San Lution 111. 'Fell, a?; f ; '^- j."^" l-"!^' 1 !-!* il'^'^v-fj^-''-^ "-,¦'
3121. THIRD RACE-^-Slx furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325. j
~~~. ; "~~~ ~ . • -.- ~~ ~ Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. . Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CU
30Si Bard Burns, 4.. r. 114 2 3 3 3 3 3 1% ." D, S. Fountain... Mounce ' 6 8
3102 Marineuse. 4 ....111 7 2%lnlh 25 J. Conway Buchanan 10-10
3029 Modder. 4 .......104 1 12 2 2 ' 2 tf- Z % . J. M. Crane..... Ransch ;10 25
3049 Novla. a 112 4 6n 6n'41 41 Brown & Co Jackson 6 12
3003 Bab, 4: .v. ;..:.;. 109 -6 • 7%'. 4 4 6 4' 6 5 T.T). Weir. .. .T. Burns 6-5 3-5
3011 Torsina. a 112 » 92 8 1 .6 1. 6 6 Summers & Co. O'Connor C 0
.... Idaho Chief II 4.106 10 10 10 7 2 7 6 E. E. Randall.. Burlngm 15 150
30S9 Malaise. a.......*112 5 .4 % 7 n ~8 1 8 3 . Musto & Ruiz..J.J\ T oods 10, ...15
2281 St. Rica. 4 ..104 3 51-81 93 94 J. P. Atkin. .Birkenruth 12 15
3059 Alado. 5 ..-.109 8 8 2-- 5 n .10 .. 10 -. F. J. Todd..J. Matthews 10 30
Time — Y t , :24%; % -.49: % 1:14. Good start. "Won first three driving. . Winner, - T>. S..,
Fountain's ch. h. by Matt Brynes-Bar Maid. Winner - received a strong' ride. " Marineuse
out of luck. Modder 6howed Improvement. ' Bab lacked speed,- that was all. - Torsina away
poorly. St. Rica back after a long vacation. Scratched — The Hoodoo 102, r Lost Girl 112.- -
3122. FOURTH-RACE— One, mile; selling:' three-year-olds; to "first, $325. 1 ," , ; ,' .
I ~T~- -. -. . - ¦ . ¦¦ •.¦•-¦-¦ .- - - - ...• -'¦ ¦• ; ~ •-. • • ~~~~. Betting. -
Index Horse and W^elght. St. I-^4. . *. Vt. 'Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. 1 ", Op.r.Cl.
3061 > Quadra : . .'.. ..... 107 4 42 42 4111}, Snider & Co ..... Jackson 5-2 11-5
3103 Com. Forster/,...lU 2; In 1 n 1 L 2 h J. .W. Schorr.. J. .Woods 8-5 13-5
• • Jlngler ..........111 5 6 6 6 3 ns D.S. Fountain.. Mounce 15 20
?.0S8 Sir Lewis... .110 1 3h 3h 5 2. 4 1 ' M. J. Daly. .. ...J. Daly 6 10
(3023) Autumn Time.... 107 3 2 2 .2 1 2 1 5 % % A.;J. Stemler. ..Ransch . 10 .12
3111 Royalty ...... ...113 6 '5 nV'S %-*- 3- h 6 W. B. Sink Jr Burns .2 9-5
Time — H, :26: Vi. -50M; %,- 1:16*4 :' mile, 1:42. Good start. Won first three driving. 'Win
ner, G. W. Snider & Co.'s ch.g. by Prestonpans-Miss Belinda. Autumn- Time had "Woods
hustling Forster from the start. Quadra closed strong. Jingle came very fast at. the close
and will be hard to beat next time. Sir Lewis looked best, but was pocketed on the rail.
quit. Scratched— Larry Wilt 110. .' . - '
3123. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs: Cadmus Handicap: '. 3-year-olds and up: to firsts $400.
¦ ¦ ¦¦ - , -•..¦;;..¦ . . • , ¦-¦ -.,. ' . . -,.... ¦'. ( " ~- Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. ; %. %. Str." .Fin. "'Owner and Jockey.. Op. Cl.
(30S6) Byron Rose. 4... 113 3 1 2 : 1 2 1 3 1 1 Roy "Wilson;..'... Ransch 8-5. . 2
3097 Eonic 4 96 15. 5 3h 2 3 Caesar Young: . .Jackson 2 '2
2921 J.Boggs,5.. 90 4 3% 2 1 4 2 - 3 4 J. S. Gibson. . . . . J. Daly 10 100
.^056 Jim Hale 4 105 2 2n 3n 2n 4 10.. W. L. ., Stanfield . .Troxler 2 2
3098 Dunblane. 5 95 S 4,»1 4 2 5' 5 - - Jennings & Co...'.Q'Nell ' ' 8 •¦-• 12
Time Vi *24 - Vi :4S; % 1:13. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner, R. Wilson'3
ch" g 'by Ducat-Rose 'of Magenta. ' Eonic had some ill racing luck at the start. ' She had
Bs-ron straightened out the last part. J. Boggs -very fast, but wind-broken. Jim Hale
outfooted and quit. Dunblane badly J^nd^dj^^^^^^^^^^^^/j^ Ll ;^^^^^ -^.^
3124. SIXTH RACE — Mile and 70 yarda; selling; three-year-olda^_apd up; to. first, $325. .. .
~ ~ ~ i ' ---¦ '-¦¦.¦ ¦ ' ~~- r "¦ •' •.'•*¦ ' -. r ~ | "Betting." "
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. Yt-^A- Str. Fin. Owner. and Jockey. Op.. Cl.
3106* Horton, 6. ....... Ill 2 5451 11 13J. McGovern....T. Burns 4-5 7-10
310« Wyomlnir. a 113 1 2n,42 22 23 Brown & Co...J. Woods 5-2 v 3
3112 BragK. 3 896 6^4 63 33 36 Thomas'Rowe Knapp 4 ; :5
:U02 Har. Thatcher. 5.. 104 3 .12 11.42 42 W. Johnson. Sheehan 30- ,100
31CKS Picador, 4 108 7 '8 5-7 6 55 5 40 T. H. Stevens.. . .Troxler . 30 ' 40
30S9 Bagdad 5 104 5 3^21 65.61 H. L. Haskell. ..Wlnslet 20 • 30
1427 Wolhurst, a 113 9 7 1 . 8 30 7 10 7 10 J. McMichael...A. Kelly .30 -75
\ntolee 4........106 4 4'i/j'3h S 40 8 50 D. A. Honig. ... .Ransch 10 ; 12
1451 Donee. *4 104 8 9 9 9 9 A. Jackson.... L.Jackson 100-200
Time '4 :23=4; %. :48%; %i 1:14%: mile, 1:40; lm 70yds. 1:44.' Good start. Won ; easlly.
Second and 'third driving. Winner. J. McGovern's ch. h. by El Rayo- Fusillade's Last.
Horton breezed past Wyoming: in the stretch. Brass ran to form. Harry Thatcher will
beat cheaper ones socn. Scratched — Sea Lion 107. Nellie Forest 97. The Miller 104. ;-.,:,
tj-s^ TROX ROSE, one of the few
m _^ representatives on the ' turf of
the flying Ducat, made it three
J^JS straight by capturing the Cad-
mus handicap from Eonic yes
terday at Oakland. It was the highest
priced fixttre on the card and only at
tracted a field of five to the post. As
things in jreneral have been a trifle
equally of late for the ring, no chances
were taken on this particular event, it
being 2 to 1 and your pick about Jim
Hale, Eonic and Byron Rose. Dunblane
went beggrirg at 12, and 100 to 1 had few
takers about J. Boggs, the "roarer." Jim
Hale was rot at all belligerently in
clined, for Ilansch on Byron Rose shook
him off without much effort, and at the
wire disposed of Eonic by a length In
1:13. J. Boggs, with Johnny Daly up. fin
ished in third position. O'Xeil was of no
help whatever to Dunblane. *• A -
The only other favorite to win' was
Horton, ¦which horse equaled the coast
record of 1:44 for one mile and seventy
>ards. Shell Mount and Bab, by their
failure to came through, gave the talent
i wo disastrous setbacks.
Perry Hildreth's I maiden. Captivate,
went to the; post favorite for the intro
ductory sprint. She is a slow'beginner
ar.d ran unplaced. When Mrs. C and El
dred had tired with the pace each had
set, O'Conror jumped Gold Finder into
the lead, and in a hard drive downed Sen
ator Matts a. neck. Eldred ran third. The
winner was 6 to L
Ten fair three-year-olds started In the
second eveat over the Futurity course,
with a continuous play sending Shell
ilount to the barrier favorite. During
tii > early stages of the race Mounce took
tho first choice back, and when it came
to a drive through the stretch fell «asy
prey to Colonial Girl, the second choice,
piloted by Buchanan. Show honors went
to Tyranus.
"Dell" Fountain made a mild "killing"
with Bard Burns, winner of the six-fur
long selling affair, at odds of 10 to 1. Bab
);ad first call In the ring at odds of 4 to 5
and couldn't scare up a gallop. Mari
neuse held the lead to the paddock, where
Mounce brought the Bard along, scoring
in a drive by half a length. Modder, an
other outsider, tumbled into the show.
Although Commissioner FVjrster made a.
bold bid for the mile selling run, Quadra
outgained and beat the Schorr colt a
length. Woods made the running with
the Commissioner and had Autumn Time
not been in to force him along he might
have won. Royalty, the favorite, gave
it up after striking tbe stretch third, com
ing in last-" Johnny Daly on Sir Lewis
did not furnish one of his best efforts, or
that colt would have been returned first.
Horton scored an easy victory in the
concluding race of the day. .A 7. to 10 fa
vorite. Burns rode the little chestnut with
excellent judgment and, catching- Wyom
ing in the stretch, led the old war horse
over the line three lengths. The three
yc2r-old Eragg, piloted by Knapp, car
ried off show honors.
3116 Andrisa 120 (3110)Sea Queen ...113
3104 Rey Dare 11« 3111 Waterscratch ¦ 115
3019 Meehanus 122 (30S0)The Giver ...116
3O97 Ordnungr '.136 3115 San Nicolas. ..116
3095 Sea Lion 110 3093 Goal Runner. .118
3106 Sweet Tooth.. 120 3115 Jo«ie G 12S
3093 Fitzkanet ....IIS 7-'- _:
Fifth race — One mile and a sixteenth, the
Athenian Club handicap; four-year-olds and
upward. - '; « *Y- *
3056 Watercure . . . 126 3106 Rollick 86
3116 Rosonnonde .. 96 303S Position »*.r. .105
3116 Rio Shannon.. 105 3093 Fltzkanet .....' »o
3093 Grafter 82 3074 Vesuvian i. ...116
Sixth race — Futurity course; selling; three
year-oldf and upward.
(3005)S. of Tarsus.. 137 3118 Marshal Nell. 123
3004 Gold Baron... 129 3110 Remora 12:1
3095 Alzura 123 3031 De Capo 132
Lakeland 137 3096 Dan Collins... 113
3010 Crinkle 127 3102 Onyx 129
3100 Afghan 137 3053 Herculean ...137
Track Notes.
J. F. Morse, presiding steward of the
"Washington Park Club, Chicago, was a
visitor at the track.
Willie Buchanan, the jockey, departs for
France to-morrow morning. He will
again report for duty at the Vanderbilt
stable. "Buck" did some excellent. work
in the saddle here and his many friends
v.ill be sorry to learn of his leavetaking.
"Boots" Durnell paid Oakland track a
visit for the first time yesterday since his
return from France.- "Boots" expects to
fix up hi:s little misunderstanding with
the French racing officials before long.
He will roturn to France after disposing
of his horses in training: here.
The feature of the racing this afternoon
will be the Follansbee handicap, at seven
furlongs, valued at 51500. Andrisa, Rey
Dare, Sweet Tooth, Ordnung, Josie G,
San Nicolas and other crack sprinters
wili line up at the barrier. "
Hoar, who had the mount on Baltest,
received a hard fall down near the far
turn during- the progress of the second
race. The gelding was bumped and,
stumbling, let his rider down with a thud.
The little fellow was picked up and car
ried to the track hospital, ¦where an ex
axninatioxj showed that he was not in
jured beyond a few bruises.
. Following are the entries: .
First ra:e — Five furlongs; selling;; maiden
three-year- olds.
3120 Baltc«t 114 3107 Mjthrox 117
3101 Knocking* ...117 3101 Sir Claus 113
MoaMna 112 3101 The Manalc . . .119
3082 Meteoro 112 30S2 Angeleno 117
3077 R. Bonner 11.119 3113 Kins Herald.. 119
Second race — Three furlongs; purse; two
year-olds. . :-:¦»
."5091 Hudson 113 3109 Venecia 110
S109 Clartnette 110 3103 Thaddeus ....115
The Forum ..118 Athlete 118
:>10S» Araba 113 3091 Past Master. ..113
3091 Princ« Eug-enellU 307» Leu Reno 110
Print* Briffin-llS 3079 Honiton 110
Third ra:e— One mile; selling; four-yeaf-olds
end upward.
3011 Rlnaldo Ill 3089 Einstein .....111
3118 Lost <3irl 109 3102 Bob Palmer. .100
3078 Kath Ennls..l0t 3100 Rushfleld 111
3011 El B*y 106 3121 Torsina 10M
3049 Mead. Lark.. 111.
Fourth race — Seven furlongs, the Follansbee
handicap; three-year-olds and upward.
WOMEN WANT
A PLAY BARRED
Confederacy Daughters
Object to Old
"Uncle Tom."
LEXINGTON. Ky.. Jan. lO.-Lexington
Chapter, United Daughters of the Con
federacy, h«« sent a written petition to
Charles B. Scott, manager of the Lexing
ton Opera-house, asking that the play,
"Uncle Tom's Cabin," be not played
again at the opera-house.
The members of the -chapter give as
reasons that the best citizens and old
families living in and about the city were
once slave-owners as a heritage, not of
their own choosing; that the Incidents of
"Uncle Tom's Cabin" are not typical of
slave life In the South, but of isolated
oases, the production of the play and its
being advertised with bloodhounds and
pictures of an old negro in chains and a
slave-owner with whip in hand, give a
false Idea of the times to the children of
the city and its disrespect to the South
ern gentlemen and their families in this
part of the country.
The petition is signed by four of the
most prominent women of the chapter
and Indorsed unanimously by the mem
bers. It has created a sensation here.
To-Day's Selections.
First race — Sir Claus, King Herald, Knock-
Ings. ' . , . -
Second race — Thaddeus, , Honlton, Arabo.
Third race — Torsina, Rushfields, Bob Palmer.
ALL-AMERICAS
PROVE VICTORS
Are as Skillful in the Bowling
Alley as on the Ball
Field.
For the second time the members of the
All-America baseball team have proved
too much for the Nationals in the ancient
game of bowls. They defeated them last
night In a match game at the "American
alleys. The complete score:
ALL- AMERICAS.
Davis 150 140 ' 157
Fraser 100 . 1«1 M28
Mercer 114 139 164
Hulen v . ....... 124 146 197
Lee ..—... 121 122 - 85
Cantilllon ".". 137 118 - 139
Totals ..............'.;.. 746 > 826 870
NATIONALS.
Stelnfeldt 133 -143 157
Bernhard 189 143 114
Barrett ; 122 153 98
Sullivan ...144 105 106
Waddell 115 136 ,150
Pickering 113 130 111
Totals 1....S16 810 736
Fifteen teams of " bowlers will compete'
in a special tournament to-night in Cen
tral alleys, under the Flood building. San
Jose will be represented by four. teams
and Los Angeles by its crack' bowlers.
The drawing for positions resulted -¦- as
follows: . . ..
First — America. Baseball Team. Los Angeles,
Echoes No. 1, Garden City No. 1. --,
Second — Lincolns No. 1, Garden City No. -' 2,"
A. B. A*s.. Echoes No. 2.
Third — El Dorados. Garden City No. 4, Gar
den City No. 3, Eugenes. .-^3gflp-%m«E«fffCWB
Fourth — San Francisco. Lincolns No. * 2,
Americans. •
On Monday night the first tournament
of the San Francisco Bowling Associa
tion will open. Under the schedule of
games play will continue until March 7.
The games on Monday night will be as
follows: Echoes' vs. " Lincolns. .Eugene
alley: Nationals vs. El Dorados, Corona
do alley, and Eugenes vs. Excelsiors,
"American alley.
Flames Cause Her Death.
FRESXO,*Jan. 10.— Mrs. Selma Bartram.
a pioneer of 1852, who resided with her
son at the Cantua ranch, twe'ntv miles
from Coalinga, was frightfully burned on
Tuesday and died while en route- to
Fresno for medical attendance. Her cloth-
Ing became ignited from a fire in. the
kitchen stove and before her son could
come to her assistance she was seriously
burned about the lower limbs. A phy
sician was sent for and arrived from
Coalinga. and he recommended that she be
taken ix) the Fresno County Hospital.
The patient's strength was unequal to
the sixty-mile journey and she died last
right. Mrs. Bartram was a native of
Ohio an>I was a school teacher In Sonoma
County many years ago.
Dignan's Reason Restored.
VA.LLEJO." Jan. . 10.— Boatswain Dignan,
one of Hobson's companions in the sink
ing of the Merrlmac in Santiago channel,
who was recently sent to the Ukiah Insane
asylum for treatment, has - been a dis
charged- from that institution and re
turned to duty on the Independence.
THE S^N JFRANpiSGO CALL.,; SATIJRD AY, JANIJAR Y 1 IV 1902:
Sixth race/ six furlongs — O'Hagen won. Ma
rie Bell second, ¦ Lady Albert ' third. Time,
1:13*4. .
5
' ;THE EMPOBITTM. f ¦ ¦ : j ' . THE EMPOBITTM, |: THE EMPORIUM."
% ... _ ¦¦ - ¦ •¦¦¦'..; ' " ¦' " - '_¦'-' .f^mMBBttMKtettSsflBttWtt ~~ . \ ' " •*
J . . . , ' . •¦•.-;. Jfo\Empm 5
J -jj -wa^ has a j
g . batch of ' oui-bf-the-ordinary specials. Don't miss
j .^ -^ a single ''Emporium advertisement these davs. r j^k F*^ 5
Wr V A Gs *eaif Glove HCIean-Up" \^[fl $
|^M Begins To-day-* $1.75, $2.00 Xtff j J
| % I W; aha $2.25 Gloves, 98c. . 711/ %
K A [ J \ The balance of many lines of Ladies*. Kid, Mocha and Suede Gloves, with / \iA\ {|
*?. //A *\ : e;thcr one or -two consolidated fasteners, overseam, outse am or pique sewing, //#*A\\ *
* '"/if/ AV\\\ -assorted styles of embroidered backs; colors, browns, tans, modes, grays, ///Al\\\\ •*
v//A\\\\ rcc^ s ' s - atcs » avana b'own and a few evening shades; gloves £&€&*% [I I Ji\V\\ •*
: that were J2.00 and marked to close (j[/^ \X^ J*
I .Also ® GB*eat Gamly Special To-Day. |
b:st Buttercups that can be made, fresh from our factory, this morning— the kind that most candy stores sell at 50c 5
*? the pound— tbat we sell regularly, for 25c — on sale at the candy stand to-day (Saturday) until closing >M F—r* «
' time, per pound ; . . . . . . . . ; ; . V. .': ... .... ... ........ . . .'. ....'. M £P£r «
IS There are 10 different kinds of these Buttercups, with 6 kinds of fiUings, almonds, "Bra^I nuts.cocoanut, filberts, walnuts and figs .%
I The Crisis 80c |rigil &^.*^^i€||J|^i The Right ol Way 98c |' Special information- supplied ,' daily V to
business > houses {and ' public • men ' by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery: street. ¦ Telephone Main 1042 - "•-
y/Jt r ; is- said .that. Secretary ¦ Shaw,: neither drinks,
chews, .smokes, dances 1 :nb'r plays cards. Ttj would
seem/ -then, that; the : only; danger of the treasury^ is
that ' he may be : persuaded to buy a gold ¦ brick
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
A spasm of reform, over which there has been
much comment, has struck St Louis. The municipal
authorities have ordered street car conductors to give
vp their "billies" and stop their pastime of fighting
with passengers-
Ex. strong hbarhound candy.' Townsend's.*
Marsh Mallow. Kisses at, Townsend's. •
And now England and Germany; are :making: faces
at' one^another simply because a of; ithe
Kaiser indulged a. common fault of talking too miich. :
? t 'i5^, saf^ w^ ertlia^ the controversy will not reacli'
a stage more . serious than words. ', : '<-0:
A Chicago woman who says she lost thirty pounds
i:i weight because she was jilted wants $10,000 dam
ages from an offending swain. The lady might have
raised the price a trifle and submitted a claim that she
is worth her. weight in gold.
POLICE r.WAGONST-Cltlzen,
City. ; ; ' The police * patrol j wagons In", San
Francisco were first , put ; into services as
lollows : '•'*. Old - City • Hall,' • v September. ' 13,
1890;V,F61som-street : . station,-'- October : 21 ¦
lS90;;New. City Hall station,; November. l'
J890, { and : Seventeenth-street : station," . Del
cember 24, 1890.'lThe first wagon .used was
received from \ Chicago 1 and cost <600 with
an . addltonal : cost Cof ¦ $26 for •. a ¦ tarpaulin
to i^ cover ;. ; the : same ¦> In-: transit. ¦'. The '. first
¦wagons ; constructed r in ; this > city, were
furnished' by O'Brien &" Sons at a cost'of
seK'each.v^;;-;". ':.^ : :¦¦'¦__ '•¦_ ;¦¦;¦¦¦ ¦ ., -¦ . .
ASSESSMENT WORK — Subscriber,
Rough and .; Ready, ,. Cal. , Proof of .": the
annual amount "f of ' assessment': work • on
ODD FELLOWS' BANK— A. Lw, San
Jose, Cal. ; After. the Odd Fellows'. Bank
of San Francisco • went Into ; liquidation ' a
new. board of directors was chosen. There
was ' a secretary, -who { -was ; paid ' a ' salary
of JlOO'a" month." The affairs of .the bank
were wound up about two months ago. ; ; .
; LARGEST VESSEL-^S., IClty.' The
largest ship afloat Is the". White Star liner
Celtic. /Its ' measurements are: . Length
700 feet, beam 75 feet and depth 49 feet.- It
Is; five feet, six" inches I shorter 1 than' the
Oceanic,' but has seven feet more beam.
Her tonnage is : 20,000, i while / that • of tho
Oceanic is 17,274. ' ¦ > . / . ;
. TO MOUNT DIABLO— Old Subscriber,
City.' The ]i distance from Port) Costa to
Mount Diablo is: .To Martinez, three
miles; to Walnut Creek, twelve 'miles,
and ' from there ten miles to the summit.
The height of the mountain is 3848 feet.
AMOS RUSIE— Subscriber," City. The
published baseball records do not give the
number of years that Amos Rusle pitched
for the National League.; Can any of the
baseball readers ; of this department : fur
nish the correspondent, through it,' the In
formation desired? " " •' • ' ¦'- .- ¦¦
a : mining claim' before' patent is granted
must be made each year and [ filed with
the Recorder, of the county, in which the
ciaim, is located.. The record of an affi
davit of such : work performed is prima
facie evidence 'of the performance of such
labor. - : '-vvv> '
. BATS— S., San Cal. To exter
minate bats that infest a house or barn
is to discover upon what .they feed, pro
cure that kind of food and put poison in
It. .'Another- way is to go where they con
gregate, and beat them : to death with
sticks. " ¦
NON-REFILLING BOTTLE—Subscrib
er, Oakland,' Cal. There is a demand for
a bottle that cannot be refilled after it
has once been used.- Several applications
for patents for such have been presented.
'•A party so strong jnlocal contests is bound ; to be
a factor.: in" national struggles even when led by. such
a man . as ; Bryan and flaunting such : issues as' free sil
ver; in; the . face of. the public. : It is; however, merely
a negative factor.;;, It. stands for nothing except: op-'
position. , It cannot even talk affirmatively, .much' less
act; affirmatively.. That is, the reason ; why Lit is so
silent] at .present.- That explains -why; Jackson's day
did notring'as usual with fervid oratory uttered amid
tumultuous 'applause.,-. \ . ¦'¦':/
; It is not to be expected that Democracy will 'perish
asjthe^Whig party perished, 1 but it': will never win
anotKer .'.victory in national politics until it has un
dergone^a-radical change. As aUocal party, indeed,
Democracy is surprisingly strong. . It has captured
control ; of great "cities like; Boston^ 'Chicago, ' Cleve
land . and " St. Louis. . Ithas/been able to make
strong fights in several; States. ; It has won' back
Kentucky- and from the Republican party,
and. has-ja . fair prospect of victory in some of the
Northern "States next fall. .
FOR many a year the orators of Democracy
kept the country well informed of the anniver
sary cf Jackson's victory fat New Orleans.
They made it the occasion for banquets and speeches
dealing with: affairs of state and outlining political
programmes. This year the day of glorious memory
was passed without any oratory, of a; notable kind. A
considerable number of Democratic clubs held ban
quets arid a considerable number of orators spoke,
but they spoke mildly and in a low voice.- The' coun
try did not hear. them, for it was not listening, nor
would it have heard much had it been listening. ,:
These, are the", lean years of Democracy, the days
of its wanderings in the wilderness without a Moses
and without the hope of a promised land. Twice in
succession it has' been defeated in contests for the
Presidency, and four times it has l6st controrof the
House" of Representatives. In the Northern and the
Western States at the present time it is well nigh out
of politics. Northern Democracy has .but few Rep
resentatives in the .House and only three Senators.
In the South alone has the party any j strength, and
even 'there its strength lies solely in the race , issue.
Southern Democrats have no agreement upon any
fiscal, financial or colonial policy. They have neither
a leader nor a platform to offer to the forlorn Demo
crats.of the North and the West.
SILENT DEMOCRACY.
ANTICIPATION— J. L., City.' If by tho
question"What is the rule for figuring
out the anticipation on payment of bills?"
you mean discount, .the rule is to take off
one per cent. .
On.theist of last July the savingsrbanks^of New
York had deposited and invested $1,105,976,765! The
increase ;n open accounts in the savings banks' of that
State 'during last -year was" 183,774; anjd there was' one'
savings , deposit account for "every : three inhabitants
of the State. , This. may be taken as an index of the
condition's all over the country. {Sayings' deposits
. The lesson should not be lost upon our own people.
The high earning capacity of American labor and ; en
terpYise; should be , accompanied by the thrift that
saves, keeps out. of debt and conserves the yield of
the fat years against the coming of the lean. .
The people of the United States do not contem
plate these German disasters with any satisfaction
They mean that Germany's consuming ..power: is im
paired and she will take less of our surplus, while in
seeking betterment of their fortunes 'more immi
grants will turn hither to add to our producing power
and increase our surplus as the demand for. it de
clines. : .'¦.¦¦ :'• '•"*¦'. ¦ ¦,.'; c ¦ •' 0 ¦'¦ ¦ ¦
It seems that the imperial ownership and adminis
tration has contributed its share to the embarrass^
ment of the state. The railroad revenues have de
clined, and yet credits are asked to extend the state
railways and build feeders to the systems already in
existence. Being embarked in business enterprise,
the state finds it hard to let go.
The Kaiser seems no 4 to see the influence of state
socialism, or paternalism, ' iii producing this result,
for he advises the use of the public credit to house
state' workmen and the minor imperial officials.
How far this will contribute to the. general relief does
not appear. . ; . ; -.".
All this is changed in one year. This, great in
dustrial machine is rusting in idleness, and the note
of defiance is succeeded by the cry of distress. Let
him that standeth take heed lest he fall, is the lesson
for us to derive from this appalling reverse.
At the Paris Exposition the German exhibit
brought the empire to the front as the leading indus
trial rival of the United States. It seemed that her
paternal training of her people had at last converted
them into a productive machine of such power as to
defy us and the rest of the world, challenging all
comers to a competition in which she was confident
of her power to win."
Within the last year Germany has seen the tide ebb
and is now in the midst of distress and reverse equal
to that which we suffered between 1893 and 1897.
The Government finds its credit strained, and is un
comfortably limited in carrying out projects that were
devised when there seemed no end to the prosperity
it was enjoying.
THE Kaiser's speech 1 from the throne to the
Prussian Diet frankly discloses the hard indus
trial and financial conditions'of the German em
pire. The shrinkage in trade and the reaction from
overtrading and speculation Jiave disabled the smaller
German states, which are no longer able to pay their
imperial tribute. Conditions teach impressively the
futility of expectations that a high tide of prosperity
can be permanently maintained.
GERMANY'S HARD TIMES.
GERMAN. ELECTRIC ROADS— A. H..
Oakland, Cal. The electric railways of
Germany use both storage and overhead
power.'
An up-to-date preacher ; in a Missouri town has
advised the women of his flock that they should exer
cise, as well as men, .the privilege of- proposing mar
riage. The reverend gentleman perhaps forgot that
this is not a leap year and that four years ago the fair
sex lost their chance for eight years. ".
DRAMATIZATION-^Playwright, City.
No one has a right to dramatize a copy
righted novel without the consent of the.
author. ' *
GNATS— S., San Rafael, Cal. The best
preventive against gnats as well as the
best cure for. their stings is camphor.. :
William Jennings Bryan says he intends to. move
the Commoner into the country and edit it on a
farm. This may mean the creation of a village to be
called Bryansburg. This is one way at least of get
ting on the map and of impressing oneself on the
nation.
j HUMBOLDTSCHOOL-Constant Read
er,* City. Girls are admitted to the Hum
boldt I Evening School.
. • - ;. . . . >-
"You ought to go to Boston. 'They havs
two golf lipks In one of their public
parks— one for experts and the other for
beginners.'' . .;. , *3fS«2
"I suppose you mean to' Insinuate that
I would play with the. beginners?'*
"No, Tm pretty sure you wouldn't play
at all."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Well, if Lillian Russell were twice as
old as she looks she wouldn't be half as
eld as a good many women who are a
greal deal younger."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
"Well?"
"Actress Lillian Russell had a birthday
party the other day."
"How old 1st she r*
"That's not polite. They -say a woman
is only as old as she looks." ;
Contrary to all precedent and ex
pectation, the honest rustic did not get
off his wagon and go in and ask tf Burns
worked by the week or by the month.
No, Indeed, he clucked to his horse and"
said: .
"I hope he gets it.".
For the honest rustic . had once been
lured to a city job.-Baltimore American.'
While an honest rustic was rubbering
through the city he saw a sign In a book
seller's window which read:
"Burns' Works for J2."
K, Casper, a merchant of Vallejo, ia at.
the Lick. '
C. A. Canfield, an oil man of Los An
geles, Js^at the Palace..
George H. Cowie. a merchant of Stock
ton, is at the California. »
George W. Mapes.-an extensive cattle
raiser of Reno, is at the Russ.
Judge S. Solon Holl of Sacramento Is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
W. F. George, an attorney of Sacra
mento, is registered at the Grand. j
D. N. Kern, a mining, engineer of Silver j
City, Idaho, is a guest at the Buss. f
E. E. Caine, a well-known steamship
owner of Seattle, is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. J. A. Ascher, a prominent attor
ney of Nevada, is staying at the Grand.
John J. Seymour, superintendent of the
electric light plant at Fresno, is at tho
Lick.- .. ;-" ¦ :,/-;.>^.; J -v* '%£?<
John Burgess, a stage owner of Ukiah,
is In the. city for a few days and has
made his headquarters at the Russ.
".Your new dog seems to sleep in the
daytime in* order to bark all night."
¦ "Yes. I guess he's a Chinese dog.'*
"Yes. Of course you know that when it
is day in China it's night here?" — Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
"A Chinese dos?"
A serious evil should be dealt with seriously. The
people of California should make up their minds
whether they will maintain the Railroad Commission
cr not If they are going to maintain it they should
clothe it with power to enforce its rulings. If they
are not going to giv- it sufficient authority, to act
efficiently they should abolish it. To leave the regu
lation of railway rates to the Legislature is not a de
sirable ,thing, but better that than 'no regulation at
all. The issue, in fact, is a simple one. The Rail
road Commission at present is suffering from par
alysis, and we should either cure'it or kill it.
The relation of the railroads to the people and to
t".ie law is becoming serious. It is by no means a
local question. The Interstate Commerce Commis
sion has repeatedly reported to Congress a statement
cf its inability to maintain the Federal laws on the
subject of pooling and freight discriminations and
has asked for an increase of power to enforce its de
cisions. Similar reports come from State commis
sions in every part of the Union. The roads will not
obey the law, and any attempt to compel obedience
is met by a prompt injunction from the courts.
When once a case is brought before the court the
tearing is postponed from month to month' and
from year to year, and during all that time the roads
go right along violating the "law and defying State
commission and the Interstate Commission alike. "
The situation is one in which the railroads can
mv "Heads, we win; tails, the people lose." If the
commission decide in favor of the roads the people
cannot get an injunction, but if they decide in favor
cf the people the roads can get an injunction from
any compliant Judge they apply to. Under such
conditions, what is the commission- worth?^
From the very first the Railroad Commission has
been a disappointment to the people. Doubtless it
can be shown that something has been accomplished
by it, but the tptal amount of such accomplishment
is; far short of what the people expected. Even
when the board undertakes to do its duty it finds it-
S'ilf powerless to enforce its rules. Developments in
the oil rate case afford a present instance of its weak
ness. After two hearings, "in which a large number
of witnesses were examined and able attorneys pre
sented arguments of each side, the commission made
a slight reduction in oil rates. The shippers were
gratified, the people were pleased; it seemed as if
the commission were at last to achieve something
of public benefit. It has proven, however: to be a
case where appearances are deceptive. Thelrailroads
have gone into court and the Judges have issued in
junctions which nullify the action of the commission.
The victory is with the roads. They can restore
t'iieir old rates whenever they please.
CALIFORNIA has established and maintains
at considerable cost a Board of Railroad
Commissioners designed for the purpose of
protecting shippers and travelers from railroad ex
tortions or from any unfair discriminations in favor
of one man or corporation against another. The Com
missioners are clothed with power to summon wit
nesses and to make examinations into freight and pas
senger rates, and they were supposed to have power
to reduce rates wherever. thej^ are found to be exces
sive. It costs money, time and energy; to . get that
work accomplished, and it is fair to assume the
people of the State did not intend that the work
\rhen done should be futile. California is rich, but
her taxpayers have no money to throw to commis
sions that serve no useful. "purpose. .
A POWERLESS COMMISSION.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
Colonel Partridge is proud of his Puritan ancestry. ;The
name was imported early in the seventeenth century from
Berwick-on-Tweed, England, by a man who called himself
William Partrigg. He settled in Hartford, Conn., and became
a business man in the community. The family was a very
extensive^ one in Massachusetts in the latter part of the
eighteenth century. , \
Colonel Partridge's mother Is nearly 90 years old, and take 3
a lively interest in her son, who is devoted to her! They at
tend the Congregational church together regularly when h^
i? a JJl ome - e , ls a "widower, and has one grown son. Nelson
Partridge, who lives in Colorado Springs.
He is something of an expert on military dress and he 13
also an expert horseman. He will likely improve the uniform
of the foot patrol and stir up the mounted police as well in
several of their deficiencies.
training:. He served three years In the Union army and was
three times elected colonel of the .Twenty-third Regiment of
the State militia in Brooklyn. He has never been an advocate
of radical changes in any branch of the city or State service,
but there Is little doubt about his Intention of reforming the
New York Police Department in more ways than one. As an
appointee of Mr. Low he is practically bound to reform the
department morally, and he will undoubtedly reform It In ap
pearance and in many minor details as to system from his
own volition.
One of his rar*e capabilities for ' the position of single
headed Police Commissioner, of New York is his military
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
: When the President was • Governor of New York he was
pressed hard for a good man to succeed George W. Aldrldge,
Superintendent of the Department of Public Works at Albany.
A man .was wanted to dive into the tangled question of New
fork canals. Partridge took up the herculean task, and not
only did more work in one year than his predecessor had done
during his entire term in office, but he saved the State the
first year $137,000. He is in every sense a reformer, but a very
systematic and methodical reformer. While he has never been
a sensational reformer,' yet all public life has been de
voted U> I reforming public offices) from the Brooklyn Fire De
partment to the State Public Works.
; " : There . is little doubt that President Roosevelt sug
gested Colonel Partridge to Mayor-elect Seth Low as the best
man to placs at the head of the New York Police Department.
While Mr. Low discovered Colonel Partridge as an. honest and
efficient public officer when the Mayor-elect was Mayor - cf
Brooklyn/ President Roosevelt found . him qualified for *a
higher office in the service of the State. :
JOHN NELSON PARTRIDGE, the ' new head of New
York's 7000 policemen, is 63 years old and has a clean pul>
llc and private record. ' He has held three Government
positions since 1882. :
_ ,, A . _ . . .
COLONEL. JOHN NELSON PARTRIDGE. THE NEW HEAD OP THE GREAT POLICE DEPARTMENT OF BUST ,'
GOTHAM. HE HAS BEEN A REFORMER ALL HIS LIFE AND "WTLL UNDOUBTEDLY REFOR1I THE DE- ;
PAIJTMENT IN MORE WATS THAN ONE.
; Mr. Martin asserts after all his studies into the
conditions of s rural England that not only are the
large farms unprofitable but that the small farmers
are making no progress. In fact, it appears the en
tire industry is declining and that nothing can save
it but a system of protection from foreign competi
tion. That protection, however, is not likely to be
given. The British workingman ,: is not willing: to
tax his bread and-meat for the, purpose. of benefiting
the land-owners. The decline in' British agriculture/
therefore, has. not yet. reached the limit- It must
sink still further before it reaches a point where the
nation will be. aroused to the need of doing some
thing to save it.
From a summary of the report given in the London
Chronicle it' appears the -acreage under wheat in
1001 was 144,077 acres less than ' in ; 1900. ¦ In the bar
ley acreage there was: a, decrease of 17,817,, in t oats
29,185, in beans 11,627, in turnips 24,081, in- mangolds
15,61 1, and I in .many other crops there was a propor
tionate decline.' There; was an increased, acreage
i planted; in rye, .potatoes, lucerne and several smaller
crops,, but the increase. by, no means counterbalanced
the decrease".: The total' increases, barely amount -to
00,000 acres all told, while the "decreases aggregate
about 297,000 acres, ; so; that more than 200,000 acres ,
cultivated in. 1900 were left uncultivated in" 1901. .
. Along with the decline in the acreage of crops
there was a decline in the number of farm animals
of every kind except horses. The -showing is an in
crease of 11,268 horses, but a decrease of 41,276
cattle, 215,026 sheep and 202,067 hogs. .
It hasbeen the, belief that' fruit-growing would af
ford the British landowner a means of obtaining a
profit from the soil even though he can no longer "
compete in the production of grain, hay or livestock,
but those who have tried fruit-growing seem to have
been disappointed. Mr.. Martin, author of "The Ruin
of Rural England," contributes to the Chronicle a
review of the agricultural situation, and in speaking
of the orchards he says: "In one center where the
fruity industries made great strides in. recent years
some of the smaller, growers were in great distress
because they could ;not meet their payments as re
cently as last Michaelmas." He adds that British or
chardists have "to sell their fruit in a market flooded
with foreign produce brought from the very ends of
the: earth at one-fourth the freight it costs them for
similar service." .. : •
GREAT BRITAIN is once more discussing
the portentous decline in - her rural indus
tries. The preliminary', report of the agri
cultural returns for: 1891 shows that the diminution
of land employed for farming purposes goes steadily
on, so that it seems to be only a question l of time
when there will; hardly be any such thing as a farm
ing; industry in the country. >: ";:
BRITISH AGRICULTURE.
Every now. and then for many years past there has
been revived a scheme for separating New York City
fro- 1 ", the. State and: setting: it'iip . as a' distinct, com-'
monwealthV and it has 'popped "up^ once more. It is
a foregone; conclusion ; it ; win : be killed. ' The rural
legislators of the State'^ould; not -for anything'aban
don their right to reform € the city every year or so
and share :in its spoils, between -times:; : - ' .' v
The State has done its utmost under existing law
to clear its skirts by delegating a representative of
the office of the Attorney General to conduct the
prosecution. That the necessity for this 1 was shame
ful no one disputes. It arose in the manifest laxity
of local authority and its indisposition to punish the
guilty. It is no excuse for overlooking such a- crime
that its victims were despised or distrusted and that
their murder, withal cowardly and brutal in the ex
treme, was approved by their neighbors. The courts
were open for their punishment for the offenses
charged against them. The Justice of the Peace who
is charged with knotting the ropes and advising their
use, even instructing the active agents of the outrage
in the details of the unlawful execution so as to in
sure its success, was himself the court of first instance
in jurisdiction over them, and was given by law the
power to initiate their punishment and restrain their
evil courses. If it, appear proved that he took the
part alleged, his offense is so much blacker than any
charged against the victims as to make it necessary
that he be made an example of, to deter his suc
cessors, chosen to administer the law, from them
selves violating it in the most conspicuous manner
possible.
Vr The eyes o { th e State are. upon the jury, and men
await in patience its verdict.
The proceedings seem to be evidence that in crimi
nal cases the State as well as the accused should have
the right to a change of venue. • If a community un
derstand that by general agreement it cannot condone
crime and give shelter to criminals, but that the law
shall have the right to vindication by changing the
scene of trial and locating it among a people who
are not under duress nor affected by sympathy witfi
the criminals and the crime, it will be the means of
creating therein a wholesome public opinion which
will not permit such offenses as this, which has tar
nished the reputation of the whole State. California
cannot afford to : have her smallest corner, even,
known as the dark and bloody ground, where people
mistake their passion or prejudice for a warrant to
administer to others such punishment as they please,
regardless of the protection the law extends for the
rights of person and the sanctity of human life.
Wantonness cannot be permitted to usurp the place
of law/the lyncher that of the bench.
No paper has the right to prejudge the case, as to
do so .would be a part of the howling improprieties
that have characterized the hearing of the case. But
prejudgment. does not consist in expressing the
opinion that the testimony, procured under the great
est difficulties, seems to : fasten the guilt upon the right
parties so plainly that the jury will find but one way
to keep its oath and declare that that remote corner
of California is not outside the pale of law.
It is to be hoped that. the result will finally.'vindi
cate American jurisprudence. A sworn jury sits in
the case, to find a verdict on the facts. That the
court will givc.it the law 'applicable to those facts
there can be no doubt, for the Judge, notwithstand
ing his errors of temper, seems to be fearless and de-;
termined that the good name of his jurisdiction shall
be upheld.
THE scenes enacted in the trial of the Modoc
lynchers are of such a character as: to seem en
tirely . foreign to American life. The ; pas sages
between the. court and the attorneys for the defense
are so violent, so subversive of the dignity of judicial
procedure, so opposed to the order and decency of a
proceeding in which men are on. trial for their, lives,
as to make one wonder that they, can be the outcome
of any stratum of American civilization. \
THE MODOO TRIAL.
SEVEN THOUSAND POLICEMEN UNDER
HIS COMMAND IN GREATER NEW YORK
withdrawn during the year were for /the purpose ;of
other] investment and not for. the living expenses of
idle labor; Much of. the money withdrawn went into
the purchase of ' homes or for investment in some
business, indicating, that the owners had passed" from
the ranks of the employed to those of the employers;
Our . people; are prosperous, as the Germans < "were.
They ; arc thrifty, they; save. Let; them have confi
dence in the future, but be at the same time prudent
in the present. •.. ."•'¦,' ' = ', '¦..'¦ ¦:¦'¦¦' ¦¦-'¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY^ il v 1902.
SATURDAY. JANUARY 1 1, 1902
JOHU D. SPR ECKELS, Jfoprjetor.^^ £
iidrtM All CammsnletUmi t» W. B. LEAKE, XutgH. ,
KAKAGEB'S OFFICES . . Telephone Press 2O4
PUBLICATIO.V OFFICB...M«rk*« and. Third, S. E\.
Telephone Press 201. u . > :
EDITORIAL ROOMS...:. 217. to 221 Sterenson St.
• ' Telephone Press 2O2.__ : . ;
Delivered t»r Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Ceplea. 8 Cent*.-
Terms by Mall, Including; Postage i
DA1L.T CALL (laduilne Bcnday), on* rttr.... ..$1.00
DAXLT *»at.t. (lndudiag- Su^Oaj), I vxOu.... 1.00
DAILT CALI* HneludlE* Sunday), t months.. 1.60
DAILY CALI^-By 61n<1« Month :.'..'. :«So
ETTOAT CALb, Ob* Tmt... ..' 1.60
«Xna.I CULL, On* Tear 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to reoelro
subscriptions.
Smuts!* copies will t» forwarded when requested. .
Mall ¦u^auillif la orflerltx cbanc* of addrmai ¦boald ba
particular to rtv» both WEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Izmir* a prompt and comet compliance 'With their requett
OAJCLAXD OFFICE .1118 Broadway
V -.< C GEORGE KROGXESS.
X*x*g*r TMaiga At-nrtitlng, Xarqsette BmUlag. Chleags. -
(Lent Dlstsac* Teltptcae "Central 2518.")
NEW TOEK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOJT. - . . . .Herald Square
KSW TORK BXPRKSKMTATIVSt
tTEFHEir B. SMITH 3O Trlhune Bulldlna-
KSW TORK KEW3 STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Breatano, O. Union Square:
Ut.mr HUI Hotel.
CHICAGO KBWB STANDS:
Cksnata Hoot: P. a 2T«ws Co.; Ore** Northern Bate!;
rftnost Hotuwp * Aoctttoricm Sotd*
WASHTKGTOJr <Z>. C> OFFICE. . . .14O6 O SU If. W.
MOETOS E. CR-AJfE, Correspondent.
BRA?r CH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ratn l:» o'clock. 500 Hayes, open until »:M o'clock. 833
KeAUlster. open until t 39 o'clock. CIS Larkts. open until
•:» o'clock. 1M1 SOaaton, open cntll 19 o'clock. VXX Market,
nnxr Mi1t«H>. cpen until t o'clock. ISM Valencia, open
«ntn • o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open ontil t o'clock. NW.
earner Tw«ilj —cond and Kentucky, open until • o'clock.
BBv rmiDor*. open uctil t p. m.
6
A fii 1 1 x K.TVrpTTiPrR-
Califorala — "Whose Baby Are Tour'
TItdU — "LltUe Bed XUdlnc Hood."
Central— "Lost in New York,"
! Alcazar — "The Tvlfe/*
Coiumhiar-"Henry VIIL"
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house^ — "Cavallerla Rusticana" ana "Com-
<idy and Tragedy."
Chutea, Zoo and Tbeater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
FUeher's— Vandevflle.
Central Park— Vasco Ball Gsme.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. . '•','¦'¦
HOW SOCIETY GIRLS OF . SAN THE THIRD BEST COLLECTION OF
FRANCISCO DEVOTE THEIR TIMS STAMPS IN THE WORLD OWNED
« ' TO CHARITY. IN SAN F3ANCISCO.
THE "BOSS BUCKLEY" OF DENVER. "MAKING A WOMAN ATHLETE"
The Story of the J Most Remarkable Written Specially for The Sunday 'Call
Woman Politician.. ' by SandW, the Strong Man,
*
HOW I 'GOT, ON THE STAGE IN MORE WOLFVILLE STORES—By'
CAUTORNIA—By ; Madame Modjt»ka. . Alfred Henry Ltwi*.
EIGHT PAGES OF COLOR PRINTING THE SUNDAY CALL IS THE LITE*
THAT ARE- PLEASING TO THE RARY SUNDAY PAPER OF THE
,.': : •..:¦¦ .-•¦ ' "EYE;- :..',. V.WEST./jCOLLIERS ASUNCION AND TITANIA AND STEAM SCHOONER SANTA ANA IN A SOUTHEASTER OFF' CAPE
FLATTERY. THE LATTER TWO WERE OBLIGED TO SEEK SHELTER FROM THE STORM IN NEAH BAT,
WHERE THEY LAY AT ANCHOR TWELVE HOURS. . • : .
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Time Ball.
1 * • .,.-¦ .. - v ..'¦£'¦¦:* --l . .»;•;>'-,
Branch I Hydrographio - Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' • Exchange, - San Francisco, Cal.,
January 10. 1002. ;
• The Time • Ball : on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. c, at noon of the • 120th! meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time. ' -
W. H. ¦ STANDLEY. .
Lieutenant U. S. Navy. In Chargty
day, except when there are but three tides; aa
sometimes ""occurs. The heights given ax* la
addition to the soundings of th* United States
Coast Survey Charts,' except when a. «mpi« ( — )
elgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by tha
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters. ¦ " ¦ • . -
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr Ven
tura, from Australia; Br ship Langdale, from
London; schr Joseph Russ. from Portland. 'Or.
Jan 1 — Ship Florence, from Tacoma: stmr So
noma, hence Dec 26. Jan 2 — Bktn Geo C Per
kins, from Eureka; bktn Amelia, from Eu
reka. Jan 3 — Schr Geo W Watson, from Port
land, Or: Br stmr Gaelic, from China and
Japan; Br stmr Coptic, hence Dec 28: bark
Andrew Welch, hence Dec 18. - .-.
Sailed Dec 81 — Bktn W H Dimond. for San
Francisco; bark Kauilani. for San Francisco.
Jan 1 — Stmr Sonoma. . for Australia. Jan 2 —
.Bark Ceylon, for Hllo.
To sail Jan 4 — Schr Novelty, for South Bend;
Br ship Lord Shaftesbury, for Portland, Or.
> EASTERN PORT.
- NEW YORK — Arrived Jan 10 — Stmr Oriza
ba, from Colon. _
ISIiAND PORTS.
Fork, for San Francisco: schr Vega, for San
Pedro: schr Jessie' Minor, for San Francisco;
schr Emma Claudlna. for Honolulu.
EAST SAN PEDRO — Sailed Jan 10 — Barge
Santa Paula, for San Francisco. .
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Jan 10— Schr
Alpena, from . New Whatcom, for Melbourne;
bktn Retriever, from Port Hadlock. for San
Pedro: 'schr Philippine, for San Pedro. .
Passed Inward Jan 10 — Ger stmr Herodot,
from Nn.na.1mo. ¦
NEAH BAY — Passed outward Jan 10 — Bark
Agate, from Tacoma. for San Francisco; brig
Tanner, from Port Blakeley, for Honolulu.
PANAMA— Arrived Jan S— -Stmr Leelanaw.
hence Dec 23.
TENERIFFE^ — Arrived Dec 23 — Ger stmr
Hermonthls. from ; Ilamburs, for San - Fran-'
C YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 8— Br stmr Tar
tar. ' from Comox.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Jan 9— Br bark
Nellie Trooj).
COLON — Arrived Jan 7 — Stmr Alllanca. from
New York.
Balled Jan 8 — Stmr Advance, for New York.
EAST LONDON— Arrived Nov 17— Br bark
Still Water, from Tacoma.
FATAL— Arrived prior to Jan 0 — Ger »tmr
Blrma, from Tacoma.
TUSAN — Sailed prior to Dec 27 — Br bark
Troop, for Royal Roads.
GIBRALTAR — Passed Jan 8 — Br stmr Kal
sow, from Shields, for Tacoma.
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan fr— Stmr Umatllla.
hence Jan 6. .
SALINA CRUZ — Arrived Jan 9 — Bark Chaa
B Kenney, hence Nov 22. - •-•...
COMOX— Sailed Jan 10— Shio Charmer, foe
San Francisco.
ST AGNES — Passed Jan 9 — Br stmr Yang
tse. from Tacoma, for United Kingdom.
HULL — Arrived Jan 9— Br stmr Glenlogan,
from Tacoma. . : I
ST VINCENT— -Arrived prior to Jan 10—
Aus stmr Artatea, from Portland. • Or.
OYSTER HARBOR— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr
Pleiades, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TO SAIL.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
"CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Jan 10 — Stmr Del
Norte. for San Francisco.
¦ VENTURA — Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Jan 9, and sailed eame day ' for
San Francisco. - ¦¦'•¦-., ¦ .'
I FORT BRAGG — Arrived Jan' 10 — Stmr Na
tional City, hence Jan 9.
Sailed- Jan 10 — StmrvNoyo, for San Fran
cisco. - ....
UMPQUA— Sailed Jan 10— Schr Lily, for San
Francisco. • ' ¦,•
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Jan 10 — Schr
Alice, hence Dec 30: brig: Harriet ' G. hence
Dec 28: stmr .NewburR, ¦ hence Jan 7.
- Sailed Jan 10 — Schrs Esther Buhne and
Henry Wilson, for San Francisco: schr Ma
weema, for San Pedro. . ¦• ¦ \
. BANDON-^-Salled Jan 10 — Schr Corinthian,
for San Francisco; stmr Argo and schr Bessie
K,for San Francisco. . . -
' > COOS ' BAY— Sailed - Jan 10— Stmr ? Empire,
for San Francisco. .
Sailed Jan 10 — Schr" Glen, for San Fran
cisco; schr Gotama, for San Francisco.
-'. Arrived Jan 10— Schr Free Trade. - hence
Dec 24.-.- '••• ¦"¦•••> * ir.-"'? -'.¦,«"-.¦«.« ,:
» SOUTH BEND— Arrived Jan 10— Schr Vol
unteer, from Santa Rosalia. ¦ .
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 10— Br ¦ stmr Strath
gyle, for San Francisco.- . . -¦¦ . . ¦ . ¦
Sailed Jan 10 — Br ship Riverside, for Queens
town; ¦ Ger ship Emilie, for Queenstown: ' Br
etmr Argyll, for. Europe; ' Br stmr Knight
Companion, for Hongkong; Fr bark Jean Bart,
for : Queenstown ; Fr bark Eugrenle Fautrel. for
Queenstown; Fr barkt Dueuesclin. for Queens
town; schr Volant, for San Francisco: -bktn
Encore,- for San » Francisco; atmr Coqullle
River, for San ' Francisco. ' ¦ '. ¦>
Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Geo W Elder," hence
E BO WENS LANDING) — Arrived Jan 10— Schr
Ocean Spray, hence Deo 28. .
TACOMA — Arrived , Jan 10— Schr .Marlon,
from San Pedro.
<^ Sailed Jan 10 — Stmr City of Topeka, for Se-
Arrlved Jan 10 — Ger stmr Herodot, from Na
nalmo, for ¦ San Francisco; Br bark , Caithnes
shire, from San Diego; Br. ship Elginshire,
from Seattle: ' stmr Umatllla, - from San Fran
cisco: Br stmr Selkirk, from Vancouver; Br
stmr Oscar, from Xadysmith." ' '• :
. PORTLAND — Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Alli
ance, from . San : Francisco.
'Sailed Jan 10 — Schr John A, for San Fran
cisco; shin Formosa, for Queenstown; . echr
Winchester, ' for Apia.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Eureka,
hence Jan 9. ¦"¦ ¦','-' t ¦' . :-."
Sailed Jan 10 — Stmr Homer, for San Fran
cisco; Btmr Aberdeen, . for San Francisco: stmr
Brunswick.- for San Francisco; etmr North
. POINT LOBOS," Jan 10,' 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N, velocity S miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
. • President Denman .of the Board of Edu
cation' has. set apart; Wednesdays, from
3:30 to 5 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of
receiving and conferring with the princi
pals of the public schools.
To Confer With Principals.
The funeral of the late Ad j utant Gen
eral yv. H.? Seamans will take place at
10 a. m. to-morrow. The pallbearers will
be:; M. W. Muller, ! C. F. A. Last and
Louis Barrere of the National. Guard; F.
E. Beck and J. S. Young, Governor's
staff ; --.. J. B. . Fuller, . W. >¦ R. . Smedberg,
George Stone , and . Georgo W. Herr,
Loyal Legion and : Grand Army; T. A.
Nerney, Naval Reserve; C. H. Parmen
ter, .Veterans' Reserve, and C. F. Curry
Secretary of State. ,••
Pallbearers , Selected.
Thomas L.-Carothers of Uklah was in
the city yesterday. Mendoclno County Is
no longer in, the First Congressional Dis
trict; but is an important ¦ sub-division of
the new Second District. It is known
that Frank I* Coombs of Napa, now rep
resenting the First, will be a candidate
for nomination i to represent ¦ the Second
District, in which Napa is placed by the
new apportionment. '
The San Bernardino Sun remarks that
there Is no longer any : doubt about the
candidates | for Congress \ from the new
pighth District,- which includes the coun
ty in ' which the Sun f shines. . San Diego
is , said " to : have no-less than five candi
dates. Riverside comes to the front with
two aspirants— Senator Caldwell and Cap
tain • Daniels. Senator S. C Smith of
Kern is regarded as a formidable candi
date. The : new district . embraces the
counties of; San Luis Obispo, Santa Bar
bara. Ventura, Kern, Tulare, Inyo, San
Bernardino, Orange, Riverside - and San
Diego. .-. V -.'¦<?-' -ii~ ¦-' :'.'. ' -'¦¦.. .' ¦
George -Hatton,- who was. recently ap
pointed . manager.; of George .C. Perkins'
campaign ,.f or re-election to the United
States Senate; has been advised that Fed
eral patronage cannot be used to -assist
the Senator.
' Joseph S. ; Spear Jr. , : Surveyor of Cus
toms, has - tendered ¦ his ¦ resignation as
chairman; of .; the \ Fourth Congressional
District Republican \ Committee... All the
Federal \ in : California, with
the 'exception of. John. 1 C. Lynch, Collector
of i Internal \ Revenue, are paying proper
deference to . the wishes of the President
that Government officials should not take
an | active part , in I partisan politics. ¦
P ederal Officeholders, With
One ; Exception, Are Out'
t. of Politics.;
Spear>Resigns : From the
Fourth District Com-- -
mittso.
GOSSIP IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and; Low
; Waters ¦ at Port • Point, - entrance t to • San
, Francisco Bay. Published ' by official au
thority of tha Superintendent. ' „ - -.;.:¦,- 1 ,.-,
-NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Misslon-street wharf), about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide, i
The steamer Santiago, which sailed Thursday
for Valparaiso and way ports, carried a general
merchandise cargo valued at $33,864, manifest
ed and destined as follows: For Mexico, $12,
000; Central America, $11,154; Panama, $4149;
Ecuador $1223; Peru/ $3232;' Liverpool, Eng
land, $1500. The principal exports were as fol-
To : Mexico— 15,710 lbs millstuffs, 182 j pkgs
paste, 110 pkgs onions, 141 pkgs potatoes, 1643
lbs ham and bacon, 33 pkgs hardware, 235C lbs
2 cs dried fruit, 4150 lbs sulphate of iron, 2230
ft lumber, 100 gals fish oil, 10 pkgs stationery
and ink, 7 bales hay. C61 lbs nuts, 156 cs canned
salmon, 219 cs assorted canned goods, 112 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 1027 lbs - butter, 540
lbs sago, 7802 lbs bread, 1090 lbs beans, 30
bdls paper, 20 bxs fresh fruit, 47 pkgs paints
and oils, 1472 lbs tallow, 2845 lbs soda, 119 bdls
steel and iron, 40 cs whisky, 7 pkgs drugs, 4
cs arms and ammunition, 404 gals wine, 994
lbs cheese, 188 bbls flour, 26 pkgs ship chan
dlery, 510 bdls Bhooks, 1554 lbs spices, 228 lbs
seed, 880 gals coal oil, 234 bbls lard, 25 bdls
pipe, 10 coils rope, 1840 lbs tea, 2820 lbs rai
sins,'1090 lbs 1 cs codfish,. 725 lbs borax.
To Central America — 006 bbls flour, 4909 lbs
tallow, 8 ' pkgs : hardware, 899 lbs copper, " 65
pkgs ship chandlery. 28 kegs nails, , 14 ¦ colls
rope, 200 eals coal oil, 28,003 ft • lumber, 50
pkgs groceries and provisions, 600 lbs soda 52
cs oil. 6 bdls leather, 1486 lbs spices, ' 04 cs
whisky, 2 pkgs • machinery, 28 cs; assorted
canned goods, 100 lbs raislhs, 4 cs canned sal
mon, 135 lbs sago, 11 pkgs paste, 240 lbs lard
60 crs potatoes, . 626 lbs ham, 300 lbs bread 3
cs shoes, 2 cs hats, 10 pkgs dry goods,' 7 bdls
paper, 1020 bdls shooks, 160 lbs codfish,- 100 lbs
dried fruit, -7 horses. .. ¦¦ ,. < .
To Panama — 800 bbls flour, 64,118 lbs sugar
200 bales hay, 34 cs assorted canned goods '
To Ecuador — 330,-Jbbls flour, , 25 . cs whisky 4
cs dried flsb. „ ..¦ J
To Peru — 3051 railroad ties, 2100 lbs 'lard 86
cs assorted canned goods, 9 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 2 cs canned Balmon, 130 lbs butter
180 lbs millstuffs, 206 lbs bread. 23 pkgs paints
and oils. 98 pkgs machinery, 2 pkgs dry goods.
2 sheep. • - .
¦To Liverpool, England— 1 piano. 13' pkgs
glassware, 1 cs clocks. : ; .*>»»«>
The Santiago's Cargo.
The British ships Loudon Kill and the How
ard D. Troop are chartered prior to arrival for
wheat at Tacoma for Europe, 35s; the British
ship Glenelvan, same, 40s: •
The British ship Robert Duncan is chartered
for wheat at Portland for Europe, 33s 9d, prior
to arrival. . . ' '
The British bark Mary A. Troop will load
lumber at Hastings Mills for Philadelphia,
$1700, , prior to arrival. (Chartered . in the
East.)
Shipping Merchants.
Matters' of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
¦ A gasoline launch, forty-flve feet long,
nine feet beam and four feet deep, is be
ing built by J. Twlgg & Son for. J. Blos
som of Stockton. The boat will be fitted
with a comfortable cabin.
A New Gasoline Launch.
Chief Officer R. D. Bucknam of the
steamship City of Peking leaves in a few
days for Cramp's shipyard, Philadelphia,
where he has been offered the position of
marine superintendent. .
Will Go to Cramp's.
The steamship Nome City, which sailed
from here Thursday for Port Los Angeles,
has • been.- purchased from ¦ W. A. ¦ Mitchell
by i George D. Gray. The Nome City, is at
present under charter to E. E. Caine of
Seattle, who will continue to operate her."
Nome City Changes Hands.
William Dugan, who lives at 280 . East
street and is better known along the
beach as. "Billy Beans," fell into the bay
yesterday morning from Folsom-street
wharf. He was sinking for the last time
when Policemen .Mullender and Edner
lassoed him with a rope and pulled him
out. Dugan has a. record for narrow es
capes from drowning. He falls- overboard
with a regularity . that gives the harbor
police constant life-saving practice.
Saved From Drowning.
The tug Milton tried' to pass too close
to the scow schooner Shasta yesterday
morning while the latter was anchored off
Beale-street wharf There was a heavy
swell on. The scow's bowsprit was raised
high in the air by the swell. When the
bowsprit came down it was on top of the
Milton's pilot-house, which collapsed like
a paper box under the weight.
Stove in the Pilot-House.
cember 22; Yokohama. December 24, and
Honolulu January 4. Included in her car
go were 6SS cases of opium and 535 bales
of silk.
The passengers were: Rev. H. M. Bruen,
Miss F. M. Chapman, F. M. Feaster, Bus
sell, Harper, Dr. T. Hansen. I. G. N.;
Paymaster B. Jeschke. I. G. N., and O. J.
Kennedy. >
THE colliers, Titania and Asuncion
arrived in port yesterday morning,'
both a day late and both glisten
ing with the salt crystals from
the waves that had been batter-
Ing them from the Straits of San Juan de
Fuca to the Golden Gate. . The steam
schooner Santa Ana, which also arrived,
had a similar experience. The three
coasters encountered one of the heaviest
southeasterly gales of the winter. The
Asuncion drove through the worst of it,
but the Titania and . Santa Ana after
sticking their noses around Cape Flattery
sought the shelter of Neah Bay and re
mained at anchor for about twelve hours.
The Asuncion was heavily laden, and
during the height of the storm made near
ly one mile in four hours. A heavy south
westerly swell added to the discomfort,
and all hands on the three coasters were
pretty well tired out when port was
reached yesterday morning.
Gaelic Brings Few Passengers.
The Occidental and Oriental 1 ' Steamship
Company's steamer Gaelic arrived yes
terday from the Orient with but seven
cabin passengers. Her • cargo, while not
very heavy, was of considerable value,
one consignment of opium from Macao
being valued at more than $1,000,000.
Heavy weather was encountered thrpugli
out the voyage. During one of the blows
a lifeboat was carried out of the davits
and .badly smashed. Captain A. E. S.
Hambleton has had command of the Gae
lic during this voyage, relieving Captain
Finch, ¦who has been taking a vacation
ashore. Captain Hambleton will leave in
a few days for Liverpool, having been
called home by the White Star line for
promotion. Captain Finch will resume
command. The smallness of the passen
ger list Is due to the fact that the Gaelic
left the Orient during the Christmas holi
days. Among the passengers was Miss
ML F. Chapman, daughter of the late
Dr. Chapman of the Doric. Miss Chap
man was visiting Dr. Howe of Yokohama,
and had Intended to travel in the Orient
for some time. Her father's death, which,
occurred recently In this city, necessi
tated her return. ..
The Gaelic left Hongkong December 14;
Macao, December 15; Shanghai. Decem
ber 18; Nagasaki, December 20; Kobe, De-
' SATURDAY,. JANUARY 11. - .
Sun rlse^ .....;..."......:;..........;;-• T-2*
Sun. sets ........... ... .........;.;..;... . .giio
Moon sets . ... . . . .7.'. ...:... .7 :16 d ; m-
NOTE^-In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive i tides . of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives tho last tide of the
r ¦ , Friday, January 10.
¦ Stmr Pomona, Shea, 20 hours from Eureka.'
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand. 4 days from Se
attle.. i ..--,- r ••''.- . . ¦-•¦"'-; i i
Stmr Newsboy, Johannsen, 60 hours from
San ,> Pedro. ''• : ,.'•'" ¦ . , . ¦¦ ,
8tmr Asuncion. Evans, 8 days from Tacoma.
_Stmr Arcata,.' Nelson,; 64 hours: from ;Coob
6tmr" Chas. Nelson, Schaee, 39 hours from
Redondo. "V ¦¦!':."''. , . •••. .
Nor ' etmr Titania, Esenes, 0% a&ym from
Nanalmo. -;- .•¦.- ¦¦-" •¦••¦ .¦ : ,- ->•.--.-..-.,.;..,,.^-.- . .
Br stmr Gaelic. Hambelton, 2T days 14 hours
47 i minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 17
days 15; hours 27 ' minutes, s vla Honolulu e days
4 hours 15 minutes., -> . / . . -
f CLEARED.;
. - . '¦ :'•'•• ¦"•¦, '• ' --Friday, January 10. '
Stmr City of Puebla; Jepson. Victoria and
Port Townscnd; ; Goodall. Perkins & Co.. h-.
Stmr y Santa .Rosa, Alexander,- San Dlezo-
Goodall, Perkins & Co. -••¦ , t- ¦-
. Ship -Falls of Cl>Tie, . Matson. , Hllo*' J D
Spreckels &-Bros Co.
• -.¦:¦¦/¦ . : ' ¦:-,SArL.ED." \ ¦ '¦
' ; - Friday,', January 10.
I ." Stmip- Melville Dollar, (formerly Simon J Mur
phy), Gow,- Grays *; Harbor. -< ¦
Stmr Bonita. ' Nopander, San Pedro ;
3 Stmr-Whltesboro. -Olsen, Greenwood
. Btmr -' Alcatraz; - Carlson." ' — — . .
¦ _ Stmr ' Gipsy, « Iceland, '-¦ Monterey. :'¦¦;
I Stmr Ruth, Hlegrlns, \ Portland. ?¦
¦ " Stmr Newsboy, Johannison, ; :
*~Ger stmr Nlcarla, . Brunst, i Tacoma.
.¦Br.shlo Lady Wentworth, Murchle, Queena
-Fr' ; t)arlc. Genevleve Mollnos, " Lemaltre
Queenstown. ¦ •¦ . , . :. , ¦¦- .
. Schr H C Wrleht.7 Nielsen. Hana,
;.-¦"•¦ .;¦, .'•• \ ¦--'.• BPOKEN.V ; ,; •;•.«•¦ ;• \ ¦
\ z'Oct 20, : .lat"20 N,;ion'l21,,"W— Ital'bark Pas
quale Lauro,' hence. Sept 1U, for Hull. •¦.*'
--, - .-- :-- MISCELLANEOUS.
.-'VICTORIA; "Jan ;iO-^-ShlD. Santa Claral- pre
viously, reported ashore : on Trial Island.; has
floated. ¦Will be repaired here. . Damages
?"*^!i.' ¦'- V :^;'- "memorandum^ ;:',-^' ;\
v , Per ; Nor . atmr Titania. from i Nanalmo, V Jan
10— On . Jan ¦ B, • off Cape Flattery,- had a heavy
SE gale::. Put back to Neah Bay and anchored
for, 12. hours. • ; .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
JHE SAN FEANCISCO CALL^ S
7
Colliers Titania and Asuncion Have Rough Passages— Steamship
Gaelic* Brings^ Only Seven Passengers in Her Cabin*
FIERCE SOUTHEASTERLY STORM
DRIVES COASTERS INTO SHELTER
3 Time • ' . Time . ITlme
»•- Ft.. Ft. Ft..
*,- H W , L. ( W H W >, |
1- 1:24 .4.7 5:52 3.0 11:45 8.2
.2 1:56 4.7 6:40 2.9 12:28 ,4.9
.3 2:25 4.8-7:32 2.8 1:16-4.0
14 •. 3:00 ,4.9 8:31 2.5 2:14 4>2
.5 3:37 5.0 0:41 2.2 «:2C <\1.9
L0 4:15 : C.I 10:45 *1.9 4:50 i 8.7
.7 5:01 fi.2 11:56 1.3 0:30 .yc
S !6:62 V.-6.3 1:03 : 0.7 8:00 '."S 7
Time
FtS
Ii W ..;
6:40 ; 0.0
7:14 -0.3
-7:51 '-¦ 0.7
8:34 1.2
9:25 • 1;7
10:15 ; 2.2
11:16 ; 2.6
Aberdeen....
Chas. Nelson.
Washtenaw . .
Arcata... .. . .
Progreso
Columbia.'...'
Strathgyle...
North Fork..
Coos Bay....
R. Dollar...
Crescent City.
Empire
Aztec
Rainier. .....
Eureka....;.'
Mandalay.. ..
State of Cal..
Herodot
Pleiades.....
J. S. Klmball
Edith..;..."..
San Pedro. . . .
Nome City... J
Pomona......
Alliance......
G. W. Klder. .
Bonlta.......
Santa Rosa. .
Pt. Arena....
Umatilla.....
Newbursr
H. K. Maru..
Lakme '.
Chehalls
Czarina...:.
Columbia....
Coronado .
Argyll...'....
Steamer.
Eureka ................
Redondo
Tacoma .; .'.
Coos Bay & Port Orford
Seattle
Portland & Astoria ....
Portland
Humboldt i
Newport & Way Ports.
Seattle & Tacoma-....
Crescent City
Coos Bay ....... ........
Tacoma
Seattle & N. Wnatcom.
Humboldt .............
Coqullle River ...'.....
San Diego & Way Ports
Seattle
Oyster Harbor r. .......
Seattle & Tacoma ......
Seattle .................
Humboldt .............
San Pedro .............
Humboldt .............
Portland & Way Ports.
Portland & Astoria ....
Newport & Way Ports.
San Diego & Way Pts.
Point Arena ........;..
Pugret Sound 'Ports
Grays ¦ Harbor ;-; .
China & Japan......;..
Portland & Astoria. . . .
Grays Harbor ....'.....
Seattle & Tacoma
Portland & Astoria ....
San Pedro .............
New ; York via Panama.
'on.
I Da*.
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan; '11
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 13
Jan.! 13
Jan.' 14
Jan. 14
Jan. 14
Jan. 15
Jan. 15
Jan. 15
Jan. 15
Jan. 15
Jan. ¦ 15
Jan. 15
Jan. 1 16
Jan. 16
Jan. 17
Jan." 17
Jan.-, 18
Jan. 18
Jan. 18
Jan. 19
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 21
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.
Pier.
Argo
Aberdeen..
Rival......
Zealandia. .
Point Arena
City Peking
City Puebla
Arcata. . . .".
Pomona. . .
Santa Rosa
Banta Ana.
Sequoia.'. . .
Columbia. .
Empire....
Eureka....
Coos Bay..
North Fork
' January 11.
Coqullle River ......
Los Angeles Ports..
Wlllapa Harbor ....
Tahiti direct........
Point Arena ¦;.
China & Japan j
Puget . Sound Porta..
January 12.
Coos Bay & Pt. Orf d
Huinboldt ..........
San Diego. & Way...
Seattle & Tacoma...
January . 13.
Grays Harbor;
Astoria & Portland.
-; : January 14.
Coos Bay ..........
Humboldt
Newport & Way....
Humboldt ...........
¦ January 15.
China &• Japan
San Diego & "Way...
Coquille River ....;
January 16.
Los Angeles Ports.;
Puget Sound Ports..
Sydney & Way Pts..
Seattle & N. What..
i January 17.
Portland & Way Pts
Hamburg & Way...
- . January: 18. :
Astoria ;& Portland.
Panama & "Way Pts.
Humboldt I
Newport*: Way Pts.|
4 pm
Oam :
6 pm ;
12 m:
2pm l
I lpm]
111 am:
10 am);
1:30 pfi
9am|;
10 ami
5 pm j
11 am J
I : ,J
10am|:
9 am:
9 am:
9 am|:
12 m ]
8 am ]
1 pm ]
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier a
Pier, 7
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier »
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 24
|Plerl3
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
Strathgyle.
State Cal. .
Mandalay..
Pler2T
Pier 11
Pier 2
Nome City.
Queen. . ..:
"Ventura; . s.
Rainier. . . .
3 pm ]
11 am 1
10 am J
5 pm J
Pier 2
Pier y
Pier .7
Pier 2
Alliance. ..
Herodot. .'.
......
Pier 16
Pier— .
......l:
G. Klder.l.
Newport. . .
San Pedro.
Bonlta.....
11 am
12, m
4 pm ]
9am :
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 11
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
City Seattle. .
Farallon.....
Cottage City.
E. Thompson.
Skagrway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.
Jan.; 11
Jan. 1 13
Jan .MS
Jan. 15
Aberdeen....
Chas. Nelson.
Washtenaw . .
Arcata... .. . .
Progreso
Columbia.'...'
Strathgyle...
North Fork..
Coos Bay....
R. Dollar...
Crescent City.
Empire
Aztec
Rainier. .....
Eureka....;.'
Mandalay.. ..
State of Cal..
Herodot
Pleiades.....
J. S. Klmball
Edith..;..."..
San Pedro. . . .
Nome City... J
Pomona......
Alliance......
G. W. Klder. .
Bonlta.......
Santa Rosa. .
Pt. Arena....
Umatilla.....
Newbursr
H. K. Maru..
Lakme '.
Chehalls
Czarina...:.
Columbia....
Coronado .
Argyll...'....
Steamer.
Eureka ................
Redondo
Tacoma .; .'.
Coos Bay & Port Orford
Seattle
Portland & Astoria ....
Portland
Humboldt i
Newport & Way Ports.
Seattle & Tacoma-....
Crescent City
Coos Bay ....... ........
Tacoma
Seattle & N. Wnatcom.
Humboldt .............
Coqullle River ...'.....
San Diego & Way Ports
Seattle
Oyster Harbor r. .......
Seattle & Tacoma ......
Seattle .................
Humboldt .............
San Pedro .............
Humboldt .............
Portland & Way Ports.
Portland & Astoria ....
Newport & Way Ports.
San Diego & Way Pts.
Point Arena ........;..
Pugret Sound 'Ports
Grays ¦ Harbor ;-; .
China & Japan......;..
Portland & Astoria. . . .
Grays Harbor ....'.....
Seattle & Tacoma
Portland & Astoria ....
San Pedro .............
New ; York via Panama.
'on.
I Da*.
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan; '11
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 13
Jan.! 13
Jan.' 14
Jan. 14
Jan. 14
Jan. 15
Jan. 15
Jan. 15
Jan. 15
Jan. 15
Jan. ¦ 15
Jan. 15
Jan. 1 16
Jan. 16
Jan. 17
Jan." 17
Jan.-, 18
Jan. 18
Jan. 18
Jan. 19
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 21
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.
Pier.
Argo
Aberdeen..
Rival......
Zealandia. .
Point Arena
City Peking
City Puebla
Arcata. . . .".
Pomona. . .
Santa Rosa
Banta Ana.
Sequoia.'. . .
Columbia. .
Empire....
Eureka....
Coos Bay..
North Fork
' January 11.
Coqullle River ......
Los Angeles Ports..
Wlllapa Harbor ....
Tahiti direct........
Point Arena ¦;.
China & Japan j
Puget . Sound Porta..
January 12.
Coos Bay & Pt. Orf d
Huinboldt ..........
San Diego. & Way...
Seattle & Tacoma...
January . 13.
Grays Harbor;
Astoria & Portland.
-; : January 14.
Coos Bay ..........
Humboldt
Newport & Way....
Humboldt ...........
¦ January 15.
China &• Japan
San Diego & "Way...
Coquille River ....;
January 16.
Los Angeles Ports.;
Puget Sound Ports..
Sydney & Way Pts..
Seattle & N. What..
i January 17.
Portland & Way Pts
Hamburg & Way...
- . January: 18. :
Astoria ;& Portland.
Panama & "Way Pts.
Humboldt I
Newport*: Way Pts.|
4 pm
Oam :
6 pm ;
12 m:
2pm l
I lpm]
111 am:
10 am);
1:30 pfi
9am|;
10 ami
5 pm j
11 am J
I : ,J
10am|:
9 am:
9 am:
9 am|:
12 m ]
8 am ]
1 pm ]
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier a
Pier, 7
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier »
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 24
|Plerl3
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
Strathgyle.
State Cal. .
Mandalay..
Pler2T
Pier 11
Pier 2
Nome City.
Queen. . ..:
"Ventura; . s.
Rainier. . . .
3 pm ]
11 am 1
10 am J
5 pm J
Pier 2
Pier y
Pier .7
Pier 2
Alliance. ..
Herodot. .'.
......
Pier 16
Pier— .
......l:
G. Klder.l.
Newport. . .
San Pedro.
Bonlta.....
11 am
12, m
4 pm ]
9am :
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 11
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
City Seattle. .
Farallon.....
Cottage City.
E. Thompson.
Skagrway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.
Jan.; 11
Jan. 1 13
Jan .MS
Jan. 15
3 Time • ' . Time . ITlme
»•- Ft.. Ft. Ft..
*,- H W , L. ( W H W >, |
1- 1:24 .4.7 5:52 3.0 11:45 8.2
.2 1:56 4.7 6:40 2.9 12:28 ,4.9
.3 2:25 4.8-7:32 2.8 1:16-4.0
14 •. 3:00 ,4.9 8:31 2.5 2:14 4>2
.5 3:37 5.0 0:41 2.2 «:2C <\1.9
L0 4:15 : C.I 10:45 *1.9 4:50 i 8.7
.7 5:01 fi.2 11:56 1.3 0:30 .yc
S !6:62 V.-6.3 1:03 : 0.7 8:00 '."S 7
Time
FtS
Ii W ..;
6:40 ; 0.0
7:14 -0.3
-7:51 '-¦ 0.7
8:34 1.2
9:25 • 1;7
10:15 ; 2.2
11:16 ; 2.6
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
: Steamers i leave ¦ Broadway
gftfcfc^ Wharf, San Francisco:
H^glS^ For Ketchikan, Juneau,
ISSisS^k,-^ Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
KOfeslsa m.. Jan. 11, 16, 21. 2i\ SI.
' BifofjK&\&A Feb - 5 - Change to company's
KS&aSisslan Bteamera at Seattle.
MSHQffll For Victoria, Vancouver,
1 Port • Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
¦ ¦ ' coma, Everett, New- What-
com— 11 a. m.. Jan. 11, 16. 21, 28, 81, Feb. 5.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G.N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 12. 17, 22. 27. Feb. 1. . -
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
Ke i eS ) — steamer. Santa Rosa, Sundays,: 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los -Angeles, calling: at - Santa Crur,
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Hart ord
<San Luis Obispo). »Gaviota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San
Pedro and 'Newport ('Bonlta only).
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Jan. 2, 10. 18. 26, Feb. 3.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Jan. 6, 14, 22, 80, Feb. 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, ; Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. ¦¦ ¦
. For further information obtain folders.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or salt-
f OFFICE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market St., Ban Francisco.
OR4JV.CO.
Only Stnaxiiahlf> Xilna «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Roil Line from Portland to all
: points East.> Through Tickets to all
point*, nil rail or steamship and rail, at
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and HEALS.
SS ;COLUMBIA Sails..../.............;.. •
: '.."............. Jan.; 13. 23; Feb. 2, 12. 22.
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.... ......
...... J:..:..... ....Jan. 18. 28; Feb. 7. IT
Steamer sails from 'foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt., 1 Montg'y.S.F.
lilAfllst
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMAS DIRECT.
Cabin.' $105; Steei^ge,' $40; Meals Free. ¦¦*..'.
6. 6. ApfeyH «all« Tuesday, Jan. 2S
8. S. Leelanaw eails Monday,' ' Feb. 3
6. 6. Argyll sails Monday. Alar. 10
\ From Howard-street wharf at 2 p, m.
; Freight ¦ and Passenger ¦ Office," 330 Market st.'
.: . ' : / F.F.'. CONNOR,' Pacific Coast Agent. ¦
COMPAGNIB GENBBAL3 TKAN3ATLANTIQU3
DIRECT UND TO - HAVRE- PARIS .a^,
Sailing every Thursday, Instead °*«HWSfe
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42,<JBfiraB»
North River, foot of Morton street.,: .
,,< First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
. class - to ' Havre. $43 and uoward. OEKEHAL
'AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York. J. ? F. FUGAZI . ft . CO.. Paciflo Coast
'Agents, 8 ' Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
JTlcketa Mid by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
0CEA1I TEAVEL.
TOYO KIS£N KAMA.
STEAMERS Wttl. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling: at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, .etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sallinr. / •
SS. HONGKONG MARU
:. Thursday, January 30th. 1903
SS. NIPPON- MARU
. .". Tuesday. February 25th, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU v
Friday. March 21st. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
LINE. > ;-
HEW. YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PABIS,
' Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
> From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Jan. 221 Philadelphia ...Feb. 12
St. Paul..... .V.Jan. £91 St. Paul. Feb. 19
St. Louis .Feb. Si St. Louis. . _ . . .Feb. 28
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 13 noon.
Southwark Jan. 22[Zeeland ...Feb. 12
Vaderland ...:.. Jan. 29 Haverford Feb. 19
Kensington :.. .Feb. SlFriesland ......Feb. 26
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO.,
; CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery at.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Yapores
tV Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m. . .
SANTIAGO. .. .Jan. 91 GUATEMALA. Feb. 15
TXJCAPEX.. . . . .Jan. 28IPALENA
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No chance at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
¦ BALFOUR, OUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.'
occanics.s.co. sskrmj
SS. ZEALANDIA. for Tahiti .„
...... : Sat. Jan. 11, Noon.
ES. VENTURA for Honolulu, Samoa. Auek-
. land and Sydney... Thurs., Jan. 16, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
. :...:. Saturday. Jan. 25, '02, 2 p. m.
J. B. S73ECKELS & BROS. CO.. Bnerai Agsnti. 327 Mvist kt
ftn'l Paampr Mte, 813 Martrt St; tto la. 1. Paeifio tt
BAY AND B1VKR STEAMERS.
FOB 0. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
Steamen GEN. JRISBIE or JIONTICELLO
9:45 ». ci.. 3 :13 and 8:30 p. m.. - except Sun-
day. Sunday. 0:45 a. m.. 8:3O p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 - a. m., 12 :30 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 5d ,
cents. Telephone Main IOCS. I^sndtnt and
office, pier 2. illsalon-atrtet dock. HATCH
BROS.
AlffTySEMEUTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AJCD TO-MORKOW.
I>AST TWO NIGHTS Or ,
"CAVALLERIA RUSTiCANA"
"COMEDY AND TRAGEDY.":
"Week Commencing MOKDAY EVENING Next,
Herschel W*yall, Laura Nelson Hall and the
' Full Strength of *
THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE STOCK CO.,
In a Magnlflcent Production of
"CLAIrtE AND THE FORGEM AS1 ER,"
Mr. and Mrs. Kendall's Greatest Success.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c, T5c.
Good Oi-chestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
Little Red
Riding Hood
••BRIXG THE CHILDREN TO SEE HER."
Monday, January 20th,
THE AMEER."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 73c.
Telephone-r-Busb 9.
•
MATINEE" TO-DAY. SATURDAY. JAN. 11.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
NEW BILL FOR NEW YEAR!
Jacques Inaudi, Girard and Gardner,
J The Three "Westons, Alf Holt, "JS.T.
and Mrs. Gardner Crane, and tha
Biograph. Last time of Jessie
Dale, Picolo's Liliputians and
Bitter's Trained Dogs. \,
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam. .
o o
MATDCEE TO-DAY ¦* f\ <~* m T
& To-monow (Sun.) 1 1 1 W I ¦ '
To-night and Sunday I ,1 1,1 I
Evrr.ir.fr. ' UXJkJJL
LAST- TIMES.
The Big ProducUon V . T mTniTT
-ssr IN NPW
Evenings.. 10c to 50c 111 L\RJ f I
MaUn"6..U)c. 15c. 25c
Next Monday — An- \J i\ T| ¥/
E^tin Daly's Fa- V I I 11 It
mous Drama, JL \J JL*.lXt
¦TXDER rrHE GAS-
LIGHT." O Q
AAB OIUDIA swi fbioeciscits
IBOISQ THEATEf .
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND NEXT THURSDAY NIGHT,
MODJESKA
™ JAMES
And an Incomparable Company In
"HENRY VIII."
Next YTeel: — Mofijeska & James In repertoire.
Monday arid Saturday nights MACBETH
('•rues. Xight & Sat. Matinee. .MARY STUART
Wed. & Fii...THE MERCHANT OF VENICE
Coming— "THE PRINCESS CHIC."
THIS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT.
LAST TIMES.
WHOSE BABY
ARE YOU?
WITH """""""""'""""T"
MAY VOKES. CHAS..W. BOWSER
And a Strong Company.
NEXT EUNDAT,
RICHARD GOLDEN
"OLD JED' PROUTY."
SEATS READY. -"> yr|
M MATINEE TO-DAY and
TO-MORROW (Sun.)
LAST 2 NIGHTS.
Curtain Rises 6:05.
W«b rmm Belasco and De Mine's
| Great Masterpiece.
Prices — 15c. 25c, 35c, COc
I Next MONDAY— First
production in this city
of . the New Romantic
¦on Drama,
for the White Rose
CENTRAL PARK.
Market Street, near Eighth, m
GAMES A"F2:30 P. M.
THURSDAYS, SATURDAYS AND
SUNDAYS.
>X)MISSION 25c AND 60c.
RACING
jj&Br «"^*^*^3^* Cvery Week D«y-
Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Itaces eiart at 2:15 p. in. eharp.
Karry-bcat« leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
..2:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with traits stopping at the entrance to the
track. Ljit two cars on train reserved fur
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
fc-rry tickets to SheU Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric c«tb at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. AIfo all trains via Alameda mole con-
aect w:th San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15
r£fe B ' m " and !mmedlatet J r after the Utt
rSi^^J 1 - WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. E«cy. and Mgr.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
lactvrers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cam to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
cass the entrance.
American and European plans.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JAUFfflAllMJTEr
* HH%3y^^^ JScjgjftSBjWjj
The greatest train across the continent.- High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have mada it ths most popular with travelers.
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
City Ticket Office, 641 Market St,
AD VEETISEMENT3.
GRAIN COFFEE
; :, Grain-0 is not a stimulant, like
coffee. It is a tonic and its effects
are permanent.
A successful substitute for coffee,
because it has the coffee flavor that '
everybody likes.
Lots of coffee substitutes in the'
market, but only one food drink— •.
Grain-O. *
All grocers ; 15c and 25c '
% GEHOIHE
Jg* REDUCTION SALE
H v «HBh|§^ for 60 days
SI WSmvf discount on our former
lliiSrflS Prices. See windows.
mm joe poheim
/ fH| Tho Tailor
I H ra 201 mio 203 MO(tgomery Street
I B VI ' m0 MD " 12 Harke1 ' Str£ET
favjy * "-jft». 143 6ouTH 8nm> Streei
JT*^ '. ~^4 LOS ANGCLCS
AMTTSEltSNTS.
CHUTES~and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill.
ELLA~BURT
THE DARING LADY CYCLIST, COASTS
THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
specialIo-night !
Pr^Gakewalfc
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
BASEBALL.
ALL-AWBRICANS ''
TOlTIONAL^S
TO-DAY AT 2:43.
SUNDAY AT 2:3O.
RECREATION PARK,
EIGHTH- AND HARRISON STREETS.
fflCPUFR'C; CONCERT HOUSE
riOtnCn C5 , Admission 10c . .
i The ' Sorensens; Hax • Stelnle: Mons.'- D' Aut-,
nals: Mile. Atlantis;. Carita;: Paloma Quartet;
Valkyra Famljy; Joseph Lyons,' and Hinrlchs'.
Orchestra. Reserved teats. 25c. Matinee Sun-.;
.**r. * .¦ .- _-^r..^ ¦ ¦¦».-¦.. i\ . -:?. -:'t\-~i
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
COMPETENT JUDGES.
Beauty^ Doctors Endorse Herpicide.
. Women who make a business of beau-
tifying other women come ; pretty near
knowing what wilUbrlng about; the -best
results.' Here are letters from two con-
cerning Herpicide: :;¦ \ -y ¦¦; ¦ ¦ •
"I can recommend Newbro a 'Herpl-
cide.'jas it: stopped- my hair from falling
out; end as a dressing it has no superior:
"(Signed) Bertha A.. Trullinger, ¦
~ • . . Complexion Specialist,
• "291% Morrison, St., Portland, Or." -.
"After using one bottle of. 'Herpicide*
my hair has stopped falling out, and my
scalp Is entirely freo from dandruff.
"(Signed) :m Grace Dodge,
... ; . ;> "Beauty Doctor,
"195 Sixth' St. ..Portland, Or."; .;
Geo. H . Fu I !er Desk
Kg* J\\ lmT^. y Lai mb
REMOVAL ;• SAJLB. : ,. ¦;¦
, We oflfeK our immense stock of OF«
FICGB FUBNITUBE at greatly reduced
prices during next 30 DAYS.^
638-640^Mission Street^
For Stomach Disorders*
Gout and; Dyspepsia
DRINK •
Best Alkaline! Waicr
4 V ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ -i— bmi i^ m IBM. aaawBBaaBBi *» A
oopyhismt imn tmi mootu * miu co. cimChuuti
PART AND PARCEL.
WMJ/))\ DAINTY box, an exquisite wrapper, a deli-
%Pfcgj cate r color, and a clinging fragrance — yet all
' these will not; cleanse the skin! Has it ever
w£z>\ occured to you that you pay big prices for,
these things? Do you care to buy five articles or do
you require only one— a strictly pure soap. Remember
you pay for perfume whenever you f buy it mixed
with soap. Don't you think it is wiser to make your
own selection of perfume and buy it separately? It is
certainly the method adopted by most persons of culti-
vated taste, those who bathe with pure Ivory Soap.
V ' IVORY SOAP— 99«^ PER CENT. PURE. 'MYSTERIOUS AS HIS GOING
IS INGRAM'S HOME-COMING
rormer -¦ Sacramento Merchant Reappears Eight
I Mont^jAfter : nH^I^sapp^^ice^
SANTA BARBARA, Jan., 10.— Fire that
broke out ; at • 5 : o'clock • this I morning: destroyed
the residence J occupied', by : Roy : P. j Rice. ¦ and
owned by Mrs.* A. -<. D. . :. ! Moore, ¦: on Anapama
street, in the residence part of the city. •
•".' ; SAN, DIEGO, Jan. ; lO.T-The steamer ':*BC<
Denis reached : port" this - morning 1 , 1 twenty-four
. hours j overdue '• from Cedros i Island -; and • Lower
¦ California ports..; she reports ¦ severe j storms ' on
the Lower California coast,^. which' made It im
* possible for her to ship more than half » cargo;.
Robinet Estate Appraised.
, . The estate of . the : late Eugene Robinet
; has. been .appraised at 166.229 95 'it con'
v slats : of - $1777 59 : cash .- In bank bonds
W _ orth « m - and ¦ real 'estate situated y in
,tho. Mission .worth 149,315 36. -- "v°..™
Newman Gets a Long Term.
SAN JOSE,, Jan. 10.-^-Frank; ; Newman,
who attempted to murder and then robbed
M. C. Arps near Guadalupe two months
ag-o, was to-day sentenced to twenty-five
yean to Folsom prison by Judge Lorlgan.
VANCOUVER,. ; B. C.; Jan. : 10.— Ah
Quong, who v killed , : . three • Chinese , with
an ax at Ladner last' summer, will not
be hanged , next : Tuesday, y the ' Minister of
Jystice In Ottawa having commuted his
. sentence. ¦' The . murderer has ; been ¦ ad
judged insane and will be confined in the
, provincial asylum In ' New i Westminster. ?
"Spares a . Chinese • Murderer.
The railway mail cleiks of j the Eighth
division have issued a call for a meeting
to be held January 17, 1902, at 1 p. m., at
the ferry station in this city to arrange
for a banquet to be given In- honor of. Rail
way Mail Superintendent H. . P. Thrall.
The call has been sent out to 550 clerks.
The committee in charge Is a3 follows:
™ F ; r .H» Southwlclt ' c ' J- Boyle. J. C. Calvin.
M. T. Morlarlty. J. J. McKenna. J. A. Brown.
J. O. Caaeres. O. G. Tackle. H. O. Rhodes. T.
W. Gaffey. M. Mitchell. Fred Miller. Frank
Arnold. C. L. Hobba. A. L.. Watlington. R. I.
Auld, CA. Schuyler, H. P. Hook. O. J. Broad
dus, J ,M.»J. Maloney. John F. Harris, C. P.
Bailey. W. • P. Bangasser, -Wllllaih McMaaua.
H. N.\Wilbur and J. S. Robert*
Meeting Is Called to Arrange an Af
- fair in Honor of Superintendent
Tb-rali:
. FRESNO. Jan. 10.-A committee of fif
teen raisin growers was chosen this after
noon by the committee of five delegated at
a mass-meeting of the California Raisin
Growers' Association for that purnoEe
The committee of fifteen will consider the
reorganization . of . the - association on . a
basis that shall . harmonize ¦ factional dif
ferences that threaten . its disruption. '
Raisin-Growers to Harmonize.
: PORTLAND,'. Or. ;*;' Jan.", > 10.-^The .¦; most
definite ; move \ toward \ the long-looked-f or
| extension ; of the Columbia- 1 Southern Rail
road: southward ; into Eastern." Oregon was
made to-day - when Er:E. : Lyttle, : May • En
! right and E.vBv, Deyoes filed articles of in
corporation of '; the - Columbia' Southern
Railway ; Extension "Company. The i line
will ; reach ? f rom Shanlko /, to Bend.V a dis
tance of -about 100, miles,", with, branches to
.Ashwood j and Prinevllle. "The ; amount 'of
the 'capital stock authorized ' is |l,000,000.\ :
'. Railway to Be Extended.
: 1SAN, DIEGO. Jan. lO.-^Ttie 'steamer ' St. f
Denis arrived^ this morning, -.twenty-four
hours ''¦ late, from ,' the ! lower ', coast,'* having
been delayed, by rough weather, and heavy
swells. • Captain Colburn -reports • that t at
San Julio, a , landing V near, the ; Julius
Caesar, mines, a .Mexican ; and two In
dians came : through - the - surf t to the
steamer for supplies. ' When they, returned
the swell ¦ was heavy and the ; captain : saw
the surf ; boat capsized ¦ by: a breaker as
it approached .the landing. .'.He 'saw one*
man crawl up on the sand,; but the 'others
had been drowned.;: <. ,
Sees Two Men* Drown.
FRESNO, Jan.' 10.— An important ' meet
ing was held at West Park this afternoon
in reference to the proposed .'object lesson
In the improvement of alkali land by sub
drainage. , The sentiment was in favor of
forming a drainage district in' the * county
A committee 'was appointed to 'ascertain
under what State law the .work could be
done.
To Improve Alkali : Lands.
BATT.^TAY TVTATX. CTLEItXS
TO GIVE A BANQTTET
leasing of , Public ' Lands for Grazing
the Most] Important Subject
to Be^ Considered.,
•\The Pacific 1 Stockmen's Association will
hold its annual meeting at the Palace Ho
tel oh" Tuesday; January li, at 10 o'clock '
> The! subject^ of -i the releasing; of » public
grazing lands will come for consideration
and as several .bills for. that purpose have
\been introduced ¦ In ? Congress . it is : consid
ered important by; the stockmen that im
mediate action be taken. s
TJniyersity presidents >Will ] Speak.
To-morrow, evening \ Presidents t ¦¦Jordan
and iWheeler ; of r Stanford^University and
the University of California; I respectively
will deliver addresses to men only in Trin
ity/ Episcopal Church.'. Dr.:*- Jordan will
discuss i the r.VStrength.; of - Clean Living"
and Prof essor .Wheeler will speak on "The
Moral Man," -- . • - - ' ¦ , wu r
PACIFIC • STOCfKMEN'S
ASS0CIA7TION -TO JlEET
- : VENTURA, Jan. lO.-^Louis , : Klee,,- who
; was .'brqught-. here \ from : . Los .Angeles -on
the charge of grand larceny, ¦ had- a' hear
ing to-day and 'was 'held -to answer in the
sum ;.! of J1000,' which • he '' failed : to ' obtain.
Last October, Klee took a horse belonging
,to ; J. - C.T Hickey • of -Los -Angeles ; to * keep
' for Its use. This horse," it Is alleged; was
driven , to Satlcoy i a-, d ¦ sold . to E. L. "Wil
son.<y ' '¦" ¦¦ .. ;;' ' ¦¦ ¦ ."• '¦ ,'•¦ . ••.;¦•
Sells a Borrowed Horse.
Victory for-Mrs. Cook-Barton.
.SANTA ANA, Jan. 10.— Judge Ballard of
the Superior Court to-day rendered a de
cision in the Cook-Barton-RawBon case
which he bashad under advisement since
Sli^' Ia^" Ma T; &***' demerit to .the
plaintiff. The action was brought by Kate
Cook-Barton, the self-confessed slayer of
her former husband, the notorious Thom
as Cook, against Delia B. Rawson to Jb-
* Or ? er ,°L th £ court settine aside
two deeds to forty-five acres .of valuable
property In the peatlands, which was Tal!
leced to have been fraudulently obtained
by Mrs Rawson while acting as a medte
tor between Mrs. Cook-Barton and the
other heirs of the Cook estate soon after
Thomas Cook's tragic death. The case
will be carried to the Supreme Court upon
an appeal. ' ,- i t ... . Luvon
REDDING, Jan. 10.— Laboring men of
Shasta County are up in arms against the
hospital poll tax and- have engaged legal
talent. They consider the hospital poll an
injustice, as. the greater number ot work-
Ingmen inithe county are' employes of big
mining 1 arid smelting companies and are
required, to pay • a < monthly tax "for the
maintenance of > the companies' - hospitals
which entitles them to free care and treat
ment;- <¦ -¦ ;. ,¦ ¦ : .::^ . :: -. - _ • .. ;;
Commits Suicide With Dynamite.
SEATTLE, Jan; 10.— The trunk Vof an
unidentified.' man' was' found'ln'. one ot the
residence districts ; to-<lay. | j The ' evidence
tended, to show that he", had '¦ committed
suicide Tjy/placlng a sticks of dynamite in
his mouth, then* lying on: the ground and
lighting, the fuse., AT hole fifteen inches
deep marked the place : w,here : his head
had rested. - Not , a vestige of the head
could be found. ' ¦- . - ¦ • - • ' •
Oppose the Hospital Tax.
Survivor, of Walla ' Walla Praise*
Heroism of /Vessel's Master. '
SEATTLE. Jan. 10.— Among the surviv
ors of the Walla Walla who reached this
city yesterday on the steamship Umatilla
was A. B. McClelland. He gives it as hi3
opinion that : the raft ' reported by the
Edith yesterday was not the missing raft
but one of tha rafts whica had been dis
carded ; by the survivors who were picked
up. by the steamer Dispatch. These rafts
were left floating in [the 'water and It is
more than likely that the one sighted by
, the Edith was one ' which had floated oft
! after being relieved of its human "Ireieht
¦The heroism of Captain Hall of-thA
Walla Walla, according to ' McClelland
was not even half told in the dlsnatche^*
Hall refused to leave the deck of his vef"
sel until he' was drawn down by -'the -sue
. tlon of the water, and upon comlnjc to thl
surface, again naturally grabbed a bit o?
wreckage. While clinglng.to the debris
one of the mast3 of the disappearing Hnpr
struck . the captain ; across the back Bn ,i
carried both him and his means of safetv
down a^second time. ¦< The nexf time~HaU
cani , e ~t}°, tho ., su / face * ""conscious
while being : pulled over > the side of th^
boat in 'which McClelland was sitting
mumbled that it was not his taSit
McClelland says that the whistle* of th»
fated liner. was blowing: continuously for
some time previous and up to the mommt
of being submerged in the water
accounted - for on . the theory that ¦ ¦ ¦ A«i
wreckage ; had fallen ! acros7 thS* whSSS
cord and kept the. steam turned on
Jacobs Miller, a' real estate mah of this
city; who, with his wife, was amon ff the
survivors of the wrecked Walla Walla
denied In most emphatic terms to-day thft
he had said anything which could warrant
.the charges of drunkenness against^?*
offlcfrs of the . ill-fated ship aUributed t n
him in telegraphic dispatches. " e(I t0
"On the contrary." • explained Mr Mil
ler. "the officers were gentlemen In "everV
sense of the word and acted as such "St
times under my observation" ¦
HALL WENT UNDER TWICE.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 10.— Marshall Brooks and
Tod Johnson, > accused of - stealing ¦ cattle, t have
been .bound over to ' the • Superior Court in -the
sum of $2000 each. '. . , • . -. ¦ _
OLTMPIA/ Wash.,- Jan. 10. — In ' a proclama
tion Issued this afternoon Governor. McBrlde
has set aside January 29 as McKlnley day, and
haa ; asked | that « on | that i date - contributions be
taken In the public schools of this State for a
memorial 'monument \ .'• '
STOCKTON," Jan. 10.— The Chamber of Com
merce of 'this city; at' a : special meeting held
to-day, ' guaranteed San Joaquln County's prop
sltlon -. for ' the maintenance of - a San Joaquln
Valley bureau and . an ' exhibit * In Los Angeles
for six; months. f. % v-v -.., ; , ; . ; ' ¦.Ov. '.
" SACRAMENTO, ". Jan. lO.r-Juan Rtali^ - a
Mexican, : who; recently stabbed Officer. Jasper
"Williams, who had arrested him for flourishing
a revolver In a saloon, was to-day sentenced by
Judge Hart to fourteen years'; imprisonment In
the penitentiary, at Folsom. . . .
- SEATTLE, Jan.' ,: 10.— Because James Lee '
proprietor of a drug store, raffled off a piece of
bronze, statuary, as a prlza among his holiday
customer! h© is to lose the' postofflce sub-sta
tion, which is now located; In his store Post
office Inspector . Wey land- of this city reported
that a lottery was being opera ted. In the store.'
SEATTLE, Jan; 10.— The ; local quartermas
ter" 0 office will -shortly -receive ; proposals for
transports to be used between Puget Sound and
the; Philippines ; to . carry, forage -and - lumber
The proposals must contain the name the size
of the. steamer. .'her charter price and the date
at which, she can be put at ., the Government' s
Sierra Bailroad Employe Is Shock
ingly^ Mangled by an .
Explosion.
ANGELS CAMP. Jan. 10.— Thomas
Kane, cart boss on the Sierra Railroad,
sat down in front of a fire to thaw out
a. lot of giant powder this morning. He
had thirty-one sticks in front of him. One
of them exploded and touched off the rest
Kane_was hurled fifty feet by the Im
pact. When he was picked up it was
\ o U t n £ vlf 1 ms rlght A from the aX"
to the knee was crushed to a pulp. His
eyes were badly injured and he was! made
deaf by the concussion. His hair and i>ye-
HiTrirtt^ 118 ™- When help re^hed him.
Mis right- leg was amputated just above
the^knee, and it is believed he wilT re-
THAWS GIANT POWDEB
AND WAY LOSS HIS LIFE
ALONG THE: COAST
r 1 We call on. the citizens. of Sausalito to rise
in their might and remove this great evil from
their midst and ¦ the disgrace | from | the ¦ county,
as the demoralizing effect Is ; far-reaching In
the disrespect of the law. which has been made
apparent to ,us : In the,. Investigation"now,con
ducted before us. ¦¦;- • - ..- - • - -¦- — -¦ • .
- After saying that it believed that a ma
jority of the electors are opposed to the
poolrooms and. that voters are now being
bruoght to the town to be used at the next
election, - and recommending \that •{,-, the
Sheriff and deputies maintain the law, the
report disposes - of the ; case wlth-the ¦; fol
lowing call to duty:
' ' Particularly'.- Is this a public ' disgrace > when
a community-appears- to; elect"; Its town offl
clals on a. distinctly. pro-poolroom ticket. ¦ '¦ ."¦;'
I" The Grand Jury" investigated at conBiderable
length the condition, of ; affairs in the' town
of Sausalito and wish- to condemn In the'se
verest . manner, the ' political situation of that
; city.
''\ Then again: ;- " /J
* Since poolroom gamblers have gained a f ooti
hold in Sausalito, the people of this county,
are continually hearing of frauds at elections;
of . money belngr used, directly ¦ or indirectly, to
secure the gamblers . In ¦ power ' and many de
moralizing . Intrigues . that follow In - the - train
of i this illegitimate ; public ; gamblingr. , ,
C Then Sausalito' gets the following solar
plexus blow:;. : " : ' f . ' . . '*¦ ¦. "'
SAN RAFAEL/ Jan." 10.— The Grand
Jury completed Its, labors-. to-day. ¦ The
town of Sausalito got a roasting, and a
very hot' one. For the past. two, days the
jilry, has been examining witnesses ¦ from
Sausalito in \ reference ' to K the .way town
elections are conducted , there and the'
manner in which ; the •• poolroom element
manages to maintain itself • In power. All
of the poolroom men'^were examined, - as
were the Town Trustees, 'j According to
their statements no votes i were bought'or
ballot-boxes stuffed. The -Grand -Jury
failed to get sufficient information for. an
indictment, but it got more than enough
for a roast. Thisl is . the : way/ the report
opens: : ¦¦ .-¦'¦¦ ¦ ¦ .'"-;;.','. ,'•.¦¦ : '¦"-¦'':'*'.¦ ; .'-.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
To-morrow such ; delegates ' as desire to
visit' Santa: Monica as guests of the -Los
Angeles Pacific Railway will be supplied
with special : cars by .that ; company.
¦ ¦ Next /year's] convention . will . meet - In
San Jose on the second Wednesday In
February.. J.-.W; McCauley spoke of. that
city s attractions, ; its -municipal : improve
ments ¦ and its • administration. ; He 'was
followed by H. A. Mason of Santa' Clara,
who described the . Improvements I of . that
city and- the steps being -taken to beau
tify, it., j George E. Catts of Stockton pre
sented a detailed report. of improvements
made by that city <?urins;1901 and others
in'prospect . . >- \ -.
-Addresses were made by Delegate
Lynch of Vallejo, ; Mayor Turner of 'Mer
ced,"" 1 R; J. Boyer of Oakland, .. Mayor
Hanf ord . of * San ; Bernardino, Walsh of
Petaluma, Reegan . of Santa Rosa, Mc-
Kevitt of Vacaville, -Kins of Watsonville,
Lever of San *¦ • Leandro, -,- Kirkbridge H of
San 7 Mateo, Mayor Snyder %¦ of i Los An
geles, 'Mayor : Frary'of • San Diego,'. Morse
of : Riverside, . Parker of • Santa 1 Cruz » and
others^:" ' • ... ¦:'• ' ¦•• ; ' . ¦ .5 ; s/;. i ; ; .-.;.i_>ri'! "-- :¦
LOS ANGELES, ; Jan. lO.-The conclud
ing day of the meeting of the League of
California: Municipalities was given over
to the - discussion "' of • various
among them being "Municipal •-' Sanita
tion","^ "Municipal^ Lighting" > and -the
subject ¦ of- ornamental and shade trees.
In the : afternoon officers : for the ¦ ensuing
year were elected and' the convention ad
journed: ?Mayor Meredith P. Snyder of
Los i Angelea was chosen president . over
Mayor, Parker of Santa Cruz and Mayor
Turner of Merced, the other aspirants for
the. honor. ,'¦'-'.. 7*. ~ ¦ v
TACOMA, Jan. 10.— An enthusiastic re
ligious revival. In the west end of Tacoma
has been broken up because Rev. D ( . , G.
I-esourd, the pastor and formerly %'pre
siding elder of this district, -was suddenly
attacked by smallpox." Revival services
have .been conducted nightly in the Ep
worth Methodist Church and large num
bers attended. Yesterday It' was discov
ered that Rev. Mr. Lesoud's aliment was
smallpox, whereupon services were im
mediately suspended and -members of the
church notified of the danger to which
they had been exposed.
.Rev. Mr. Lesourd's son, who, is a stu
dent of the Puget Sound University, haa
been ill with variolold, but his. sickness
was so mild that its true nature was not
determined until yesterday. Many stu
dents at the university have been exposed
through association with young. Lesourd
and eight members of one class are now
reported to be ill with smallpox.
the Disease.
Tacoma Becomes Afflicted With
Pastor of a West. End Church in
SMALLPOX BREAKS .UP
RELIGIOUS BJEVIVAI,
Marin 'County's 'Grand
Jury Denounces the
Poolrooms.
League of California Mii
' nicipalities Elects ~
Officers.
MAYOR SNYDER
NOW PRESIDENT
The idea of the- meeting originated with
Home. Rulers and has been stated by
some at their leaders as a non-polltlcal
gathering, though they admit that it is
to agitate lor an extra session of the Leg
islature and for city and county govern
ment. The meeting promises to be a large
one, though speakers outside of the Home
Rule Republican party have generally re
fused ,to attend.
A number of suits have been brought in
the Territorial courts to establish exclu
sive fishing rights to ocean waters about
the islands, with a view to the condemna
tion of. such rights, as provided for by
the organic act. The act provided that
all Hawaiian fishing laws, which granted
many such rights, should be repealed, but
allowed the owners of such rights to es
tablish their ownership in the Territorial
courts, such rights to be acquired for the
benefit of the public by condemnation pro
ceedings. The suits now pending, with,
others to be brought, will straighten out
the system so that there will be no pri
vate fishing rights in ocean waters here.
?An- election was held last week In the
Chinese United Societies here and resulted
in a. victory for the reform element as
against the class represented by the Con
sul, Yang Wei Pin.
The Home Rulers have called a "non
partisan" mass meeting for this evening
to ratify the President's message In so fax
as it refers to Hawaii, and to discuss the
application of the American system of
government to Hawaii. They invited Gov
ernor Dole, Secretary Cooper, Judge Es
tee and others to speak, but most of those
Invited declined. Governor Dole declined
the Invitation because he understood that
one of the topics to be discussed was tha
executive policy of the Territory, while
Cooper informed the committee which in
vited him that he considered the meet
ing a political one and \rould not attenU ,
for. that reason. The committee sent him*
a very sharp reply, disclaiming political
Intentions.
The former captain and part owner in
the Hesper, Captain C. O. Sodergren, is
now in Oahu Jail here, serving a six
months' sentence for cruelty on the high
seas. The vessel will be surveyed before
she leaves Honolulu.
A special election will be called, as pro
vided for by the organic act of Hawaii,
to elect a member of the House of Rep
resentatives, to succeed the late A. F. Gil
fillan, who 'was killed by a fall from a
cai in Philadelphia, on December 22. Gil
fHlan was a member from the Fourth Dis
trict, which elected a Republican ticket
throughout, consisting of six members.
Prince "Cupid" has already beer named
as the Home Rule Republican candidate*
for the place and will probably run.
though he is away and has not yet signi
fied his acceptance. The , Republicans
have not yet decided upon a candidate.
They claim to be aDle to carry the dis
trict by a big majority, as they did so in
the last election. '
HONOLULU, Jan. 4-— The bark Hesper
has arrived here in distress and is now
discharging ' her cargo. She was bound
for Fremantle, Australia, from Victoria,
and encountered very rough weather. She
was found leaking badly shortly before
Christmas day. On Christmas the crew
refused to work, except toward the near
est port, whjch was Honolulu, claiming
that they were exhausted from constant
toil at the pumps.
Coroner Kell was called to the scene and
an Inquest was held this afternoon. The
.verdict was In -." accordance ' with . these
facts. /:-:¦¦ : '." ¦-'¦'•.¦ -:¦¦¦ .. -:¦¦
It is evident that. Frier was riding his
wheel along ; the board ' walk and fell Into
the treacherous ooze of the marsh. Being
out some distance his cries could not have
reached the ¦ ears -- of ; persons vat -Alviso.
It is possible that he, went headfirst into
the mud and was unable to extricate him-
Eelf..-;.. . - .;•-..¦ •; ¦• .*'.'- ¦/ •¦•¦,-;-- - >'
"1 Thomas " Frier, was an employe of .the
Standard v Electric Company. • He left
.Warm. Springs at 11* o'clock last Monday
morning, since which time he had not
been seen. - At noon on Monday a man
passing j along the . board -walk , across the
slough saw a , fedora: hat and a glove
floating on the " water. -, Later a • bicycle
was . found imbedded in ' the • mud a short
distance ,'• from the walk, ¦ which Is but
two feet wide. ; This narrow walk is main
tained by the Standard Electric Company
along the ¦• route - of its wires across . the
marsh. ••. •- "¦¦«.' ... ..
¦ Search" was begun' Immediately and end
ed this morning, when the body of -the
unfortunate. man was found 200 feet from
where the bicycle was discovered. .
SANTA CLARA, Jan. 10.— The body of
Thomas Frier was recovered : from . the
mud of Alviso marsh at 8:30 o'clock this
morning- by a : party of • searchers, who
spent the ' whole . of last night in an en
deavor to locate it. - '
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
THREATENS TO REVOKE
DR. STEWART'S LICENSE
Washington State Medical Board Not
Through. With the Lawson
Scandal.
¦TACOMA, Jan. 10.— The State Board of
Medical Examiners threatens to revoke
the license of Dr. J. G. Stewart of Seattle,
who seems to have been the principal fig
ure In the transaction whereby Dr. O. V.
Lawson of Seattle paid $U)QO for what pur
ported to be answers to questions asked
by the State Board at the medical exami
nation held; here this week. Dr. .Stewart
has frankly admitted that he acted as:gro
between i for a friend of Lawson- and" the
mysterious Dr. Wilson, who is . said to
have obtained the answers, but whose real
identity has not yet been disclosed. Law-
Bon's friend, Braid, to-day obtained from
Dr. Stewart- the $600 advanced by Lawson
and returned it to the latter. Braid proves
that he was acting only as a friend of
Lawson, his chief desire being to keep
Lawson In Seattle, because he . was a
heavy advertising patron' of the newspa
per of which Braid is advertising mana
ger. •¦ . ¦•¦ . - •- • •---.. .°. ,-,.
The ¦ State Board yesterday summoned
Dr. ; Stewart before it. to explain- why. his
license should not be revoked. Stewart
defied the board and said it has no author
ity to take away his license. The board
adjourned to meet in Seattle early in Feb
ruary, when Stewart's case will be con
sidered and acted u^on.
,. "K^% board appears to have clearly estab
lished the fact that none of its members
was a party to the Lawson-Stewart trans
action. ';'¦-¦ ¦•: '• i • •-.-¦
than that of last January..;
The degree of master of arts was con
ferred upon Lon Cain Walker of the
mathematics department. The following
students were given the degree of bache
lor of arts:
Greek — AHca afay Cole
Latin— Florence Frances Billings. Anna May
Laird, Maybelle Avellne Philllpa.
German— Helen Dudu Gels, Sophia Jullane
Wolters. :
Romanic Languages — Maybelle Lyda Kins
English — Herbert Francis Evans Amy Par
ker Ferguson, Cervllla May . Heaalip Helen
Lathrop, Mary Ishbel Lockey *
Education— Elizabeth Harriet Bailey, Mabel
History— Winnona Lathrop, Ethel Cora Mc-
Lellan. Ida May Rounds.
Economics — Hacklro Senon.
Chemistry— Sherman Kimball, Brnno Adolnh
Sobe aUSeD " Eli ° t , Gra y ' Potter . Chrlstob«l B<^
Physiology and Histology— Fayette Blrtch
John Francis Cowan, Ada Julia Heinemann
Zoology— Dorothy Hinsdale Chase. John Sain-
Geology-i-Ernest Allen Strout.
Electrical . Engineering— Chuzaburo Isuka
moto. ¦ . : ¦- . > ¦
A large percentage of the students who
will receive their sheepskins arc redden t^
of California. Out: of the total of thirty
twenty-four have registered from this
State, two from Oregon, one from Illinois
and one from\Montana. while two arena
uves of Japan. i^aHMH ..¦ -
STANFORD , UNIVERSITY. Jan. 10.-
The University Council at its meeting this
afternoon conferred the baccalaureate de
gree on twenty-nine midyear graduates
-and the degree of Master of Arts upon
one graduate student. The number of de
grees conferred to-day was eleven leas
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rides Off Narrow Walk
• That Spans Alviso
Marsh.
Sheepskins Are Awarded
to thirty Stanford
'Students.
Trouble Follows a Noted
Vessel in Southern
Waters.
MIDYEAR CLASS
GETS DIPLOMAS
HESPER'S CREW
IN A MUTINY
CYCLIST MEETS
HORRIBLE DEATH
Army orders: Captain Charles G.
Woodward, artillery corps, now in San
Francisco, on" sick-leave, is ordered to
the .United .States General .Hospital^ in
that city for treatment. First Lieutenant
Thomas F. .Maglnnis,' Eleventh Infantry,
Is ordered' to duty ¦with recruits sent from
Columbus barracks, Ohio, via San Fran
cisco, to the Philippines.
Secretary Hitchcock has recommended
an increase of the present appropriation
for the protection of. forest reserves from
$300,000 to $500,000. Among the reserves
now without rangers are Stanislaus and
Lake Tahoe reserves, California, which
under adequate appropriation could be
properly cared for.
WASHINGTON, Jan. lO.-The Postofilce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: ¦ Postofflce established: California —
Naranjo. Tulare • County, # Harry R. Dif
fenbaugh, Postmaster. Postmaster com
missioned: California— Henry J. Prewett,
Tebra. The . gross receipts of the San
Francisco pbstofHce for December, 1901,
were 9114,353, against $101,398 in December,
1900. The receipts of the Los Angeles of
fice for the corresponding months were
$34,963 and $28,124 respectivejy.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original—Charles M. Ham, Ventura,
$6; Edmond C. Sanders, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $8; Charles'E. "Van Hoesen,
Los Angeles, $6. Original (war- with
Spain)— Frank Coons, Los Angeles, $6.
Oregon— Original— Albert H. i H. Ding
man, Galesville. $6.
Washington — Original — Frederick T.
Taylor, Tacoma. $6." Increase— George P.
Gannon," Farmington, $12.
Changes Hade in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Granted.
OF INTEREST TO - PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
TORRID ROAST
FOR SAUSALITO
Absolute mystery , veiled his every
movement thereafter. I ¦ Some said domes
tic troubles had ' distracted him, . and that
after his mind had been freed' from _•¦ its
cares he would return; others -believed
he had taken, his ,lifV but against ; this
theory was the fact that; he had* always
been a devout churchman, with, presum
¦ " . - ¦ -¦ ¦. > ¦'-. *' ' '¦ v- "' I"
SACRAMENTO, Jan. .10.— William
Ingram, the former wealthy hard
ware merchant, -has returned to
Sacramento . j under circumstances
no. less mysterious than those
which marked his disappearance .from
home and business on May 4. last. He
will ; not say where he has been during
the past, eight months, but admits that
he has . not been out" of- the State. ¦ He is
bronzed with the life he has been lead
ing in the open air/ probably as a, labor
er in the fields. " After having ' deeded to
his ' wife his fortune, estimated \ at $50,000,
he went forth from the city, where he
had been ¦ for twenty . years ' a leader • in
religious and commercial : circles, a pen
niless man, with no effects other * than
those on his. back. .. ¦;
ably religious abhorrence of the Idea of
suicide. . / . . ¦ . .
What mental anguish William Ingram
has gone through in the past eight
( months probably nobody but himself will
ever. know. ., He would only "say to-day
•vhen questioned touching his experience
¦-.'hat he had been in daily contact with
all manner of men— with men who were
Illiterate and poor, as well as those who
were cultivated and rich. And what did
more than anything else to restore him
1 completely, rational state of mind,
said Mr.. Ingram, was thp fact that in all
his eight -months' -contact as a perfect
stranger with the rougher side of life he
had not had one unkind* word spoken to
him. • ... ¦"..-.. .,".... -
It Is generally • understood that Mr.
Ingram will presently bring action to re
cover from his wife all ,or part of tEe
fortune he deeded to her, and it has even
teen said . that divorce
against her, may result. • - . •
-Mr. Ingram, when he disappeared, was
a member of the wholesale "hardware
firm of Schaw, Ingram-. & Batcher, bui
during .his absence his -wife disposed of
his interest in the house.
- '.'¦•¦ .'¦'L?-'v« ' '¦' ¦ ¦- ' - ? ¦
SACRAMENTO CITIZEN WHO REFUSES TO' REVEAL HIS WHERE
ABOUTS SINCE MAY 4 OF LAST TEAR, WHEN HE SUDDENLY
LEFT THE CAPITAL CITY.' 1 ' •
" '• . ¦ . ¦: . ¦ *" "¦...-. ri.V . . "' ¦.".' ¦ .
After hearing the argument Justice
Wallace ordered the dismissal. He held
that the Mayor acted within the scope of
his office and duty in sending the defend
ant <o Los Angeles, and the defendant had
acted, in good faith, honestly believing the
facts to be as he reported. When he sub
mitted the report to. Mayor Martin Cap
tain Newberry sent a copy to General Otis
and inclosed a letter, asking if it con
tained anything confidential that Otis
wanted eliminated or corrected. This was
convincing proof, the Justice declared,
that the report was without malice. Gen
eral Otis had had "time* to correct the re
port before it was submitted to the Coun
cil, but had not done so.
No testimony was introduced by the de
fense. Many politicians had been subpe
naed and It was supposed local politics
would be gtjne into.
The preliminary examination lasted four
days. Yesterday afternoon the prosecu
tion rested its case. Attorney Cothran,
for Newberry, made a motion for dismis
sal of the charge on the ground that no
specific charge was made and that there
was not sufficient evidence to substantiate
the charge of libeL He closed his argu
ment this forenoon and was followed by
Delmas for Hichborn. l
SAN JOSE, Jan. 10.— The examination
of Captain of Police Perry H. Newberry
en a charge of criminal libel came to an
abrupt end this afternoon, when Justice
of the Peace Wallace granted the defend
ant's" motion for a dismissal, on ¦' the
ground that no specific charge had been
proved and libel had not been committed.
The case, which grew out of the article
published in the Los Angeles Times, styl
ing San Jcs« "the Sodom of the 'Pacific
Coast," attracted great -attention. New
berry had been sent to . Los Angeles ¦ by
Mayor Martin to learn "the name of the
author of the article, from General Otis,
and reported to the Mayor that- Franklin
Hichborn had written the article. He de
clared General Otis and City Editor An
drew of the Times had given him this in
formation. When this report was made
public to the City Council Hichborn
caused Newberry's arrest on a. charge or
criminal libel. It has since developed that
Henry E. Miller, an ex-student of the
Normal School, wrote the article and that
Hichborn had nothing to do with it." Mil
ler bad been refused graduation and Is al
leged to have taken this way of "getting
even" with the town. He is now living
some where In the Santa Cruz mountains.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One of the passengers on the car de
clared that the debris of the broken
vehicle was strewn over the track a dis
tance of 150 feet. He did not see the col
lision and was unable to determine the
responsibility, . but he pointed out as sig
nificant the fact that it took a long time
to bring the trolley car to a standstill. .
The car was not stopped until it had
run about 150 feet, and ,it dragged Mar
coux all. this distance. Marcoux was un
conscious and covered with blood. When
removed- to a hospital he was found to
have sustained grave internal injuries as
well as fractures of the collar-bone and
several ribs. Owing to the seriousness of
Marcoux's injuries and the fact that he
is more than 60 years of age, the attend
ing' physicians hold out no hope for his
recovery.
Mrs. Smith was found to . be suffering
considerably from shock, as well as from
cuts and bruises; \,v ¦¦ .-.
| ' LOS ANGELES, Jan. 10.— In a street
car accident this afternoon Alexander
Marcoux, a contractor, received injuries
that caused his death, and Mrs. T. G.
Smith was badly cut and bruised. Mar
coux was driving with" Mrs. Smith' and
they were proceeding along West Six
teenth street. Mrs. Smith, who held the
lines, having successfully- avoided a'trac
tion car of the University line,, crossed
the track. She did not notiee that a
green car of the West Adams street line
.was coining closely behinu the one which
had just passed the buggy. The horse
cleared the track, but • the body of the
vehicle was struck fairly, in the middle
and smashed to pieces.
-
Special -Dispatch to The Call.
Court Dismisses Case
Against Perry H.
Newberry. ¦¦'.'. -.:¦ :. :
Man Rec eives Fatal In
juries and Woman
%^ Is Hurt. |3
SUIT FOR LIBEL
ENDS ABRUPTLY
ELECTRIC CAR
STRIKES BUGGY
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALJjy SATURDAY, JANUARY 11; 1902;
8
_ " APyERTISEMENTS.
TabsjlIte security.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
L bear signature of /£e~^£**£>
Terr saudl and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE ICARJEKSp^^: SEE
i^liTTir FOR BIUOUSKESSi Aninmtn
GENUINE Hivfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
M PI LLS F0R CONSTIPATIQK.
WDADDCD -H_B FOR SALLOW SXIR. WRAPPFR
WRAPPER $^M .FORTHECOMPLEXIOH VlKA^tK
"PRINTED ON RED PAPER."
I Egyptian DEITIES I
§ are in a class by themselves among |
I TurKish cigarettes, and have never 1
¦ b^n equaled. There is no uncertainty I
I or [indecision when buying them: you I
I are^ sure that they are the best TurKishv B
I cigarettes that you can get anywhere, p
I they never vary or change in quality, S
j flavor or workmanship, because they i
I cannot be made better or of better m
1 materials. It will interest you exceed- ¦
I ingly, if you smoke "TurKish" at all 1
'1 and have never tried DEITIES, to light I
I one and--weil r you vv^ll Know* then that 1
I "No better TurKish cigarette can be B
i niade.'^ , • |j
I Egyptian i ¦ i&0 WMl I
I MMBLE.MS ¦¦MtUJ^S^^- I
•'.KlHN: : ;«*o : 'ihe same as DEITIES / fl
SS but -with cork tips. .- , :.- r!
Sgk tShls signature U en ttitrv box. Enand ferns, . and the ; dining-room in jon
quils.: ¦•..:.— *.- .:_'.'¦.:. ¦.„.:,•¦_ ¦•¦« ;-
Mrs. Walker wore a pretty tan cfepe
gown with garniture of white, Mrs.-Plefce
was attired In pearl, silk and Miss . Pierce
wore white. 1 -. ../¦;•':. '. '. i
-Those who assisted were: •; ;, ; , . ', . *"
CHARMING YOUNG WOMAN WHO WAS ONE OF THE PRETTIEST OF
THE MANY PRETTY GIRLS AT THE LA JEUNESSE BALL AND
ONE OF THE BEST- GOWNED. > ' ' .
Petitions in insolvency were filed In the
; United States District Court- yesterday
as follows:' Charles ;G.SPippey ,';,», farmer,
t.'kiah. liabilities $909 96, no assets; Henry
J. .Winters; "»«era mento,' special police •. of
ticr. liabilities mi 15. . . *
Petitions in Insolvency.
CharU.-s Therficld went to the Oaks Hp
lel yesterday afternoon! at 4 o'clock and
rented a room, and at 11 o'clock last night
he.. was found dead in his roo # m with, a
bullet through his brain/ He' left' a 'note
Baying that he Intended to commit suicide
as he was suffering, from, ill' health and
despondent because he could not secure
employment. > Therfteld registered ' under
the name of T. Pierce, but a letter was
found in his pocket giving his proper
name. " . - ' ¦ ¦ :¦¦
Despondency Causes \. Suicides
pened, which; in all probability,- will cause
1901 to stand out as a year of births and
deaths, \ epitaphs, ' eulogies, achievements
and. great results. \ A« the old year' went
and the new :year , was born .there's was
clanging of bells and there was revelry
to. mark the event. -A few sat to find out
the gains- and losses. Where was the loss
and.where the gain?; History in 100 years
would show..' ,
,v The speaker alluded to the loss of Presl
dent>McKInley in the. past year and re
viewed his grand character, his nobility
his patriotism."-In • 100 years ; hence, while
acknowledging i the .) calamity • there ; will
also, be -.commentary.,- The lecturer '. de
nounced', the < assassin and was thankful
he was cast into Yet they had
to ¦ inquire , into « "cause ¦ and • effect." * The
answers ¦. would ' come * from 'men , able ¦ to
judge. J: Every ? wave i of ¦ progress < met ' a
wave of ; retrogression, j We were too apt
he- said,, to : look uponi the gilded . shields
being placed ; «n the gate of ancient- cities
but .' we ' see | little ; of < what is going ' on be
hind .the doors-of :, the /hovels: -We 'hear
'ot the, good, but iwe dare not publish the'
evil ;*, we " hear, : all ; about : good men ¦ and
( virtuous women;;but,very.llttle about con
verts. ' s When -we f say: that evil , gets : the
upper, hand it is because the queer causes
; of life r have • their ¦¦ play ¦ with , individuals -
andnwe are, not -able to determine them
all, i said the, rabbi. ;. - ;; ,.-.;; -,- .;* .
The doctor said -that the church at the
present time occupies a position entirely
apart from the dally lives of the / people.-
It does not concern- itself with questions
that trouble the popular "mind, ' nor does
it attempt to direct their steps'or'deci
sions in matters . of ' vital Importance to
them or to the community in which they
lived. Simply . praying was not religion,
the speaker said, nor. was the vociferous
rendering of psalms and hymns anything
more than the ecstatic outpourings of re
ligious fervor wasted." When the church
would leave off flattering ,its adherents
into the belief that for a mere attendance
at service . they- are entitled -to - salvation
andfavors from on high, and reconstructs
its service, its policy and its doctrines to
meet the conditions of the day and become
a force operative in the daily. lives of
the people, it will indeed;be the bond that
unites- heart to heart— the force that im
pels to moral Improvement. - ¦'¦•:• . ¦ -•¦- ¦'
Rabbi Voorsanger spoke t before' many
members of Congregation Emanu-el 1 : last
night on "Cause and Effect," ¦ illustrating
the events - of : Importance which had af
fected the nations as well as individuals
during the past year. , The question of the
influence of history, on -the /uture' or its
influence. on the timo in which * we ¦ move
was considered. The study and the knowl
edge . of; history, was .not : confined to > the
palace, he said, ; since It." was known In
the town and in the village: The-pulsa
tion of history .was . the same . as the - pul
sation; in. the individual;- in that it varied
¦in -the one as in the other. A year, had
Just passed . and in it matters • have -. hap-
Rabbi NIeto. chose for his subject last
night before the • Congregation- Sherlth
Israel-"How Religion" May Be Revived."
There waa a large-attendance."
Dr. Nietq. Says Singing
;of Hymns Is but a .
Passing Fervor.
RABBIS ADDRESS
LARGE THRONGS
MRS. ELLA OTT; MADE
MEREY AKOTJin) . CORPSE
7Ier : Husband Sues for Divorce for
Cruelty— More Unhappy Couples
-: Air Troubles.
j Through an error it was stated In the
columns of The j Call yesterday that ¦ Jo
seph Ott was : being.' sued for divorce by
Ella Ott -on -the -ground of cruelty i In
stead of Mr. Ott holding, a high-Jinks In
the room' where the 'body of his wife's
mother was laid out, 1 it was just the other
way. Mrs. Ott was the one, according to
the complaint,; who Invited a .party of
convivial' spirits to the Ott residence and
made merry. In the presence of the, dead.
.F» L; Jones was grahtedadlvorqe from
Laura* I. -Jones for 9 cruelty < by Judge
Hunt yesterday,. Suits; for . divorce were
filed J>y Zula, L. Roscoe against Howard
A. Roscoe for - desertion, ¦ Catherine
Brunsch-; against _John - L. Brunsch for
desertion,"; Lilly Roberts v against John
Roberts for -failure .to provide, : ; Anna
Kempff against Rudolph Kempff for de
sertion and Magdalena D. Carlson airainst
Carl C. Carlson [for cruelty. . s l
. A Christmas festival for .the benefit of
the St. Francis Church Sunday school
was held last night at Washington Square
Hall. The affair was both a social and
financial success. A' large crowd attend
ed. Father T. Caraher, rector of St.
Francis Church, was on hand to see that
no details were neglected. The following
programme was rendered:
Operetta "Holy Night" — Peesy,' child of the
Street Mis* Ina Collins; Trtxy, froliceeme col
ored Waif Miss Victoria Orr; Mother -Marty,
Peggy's supposed parent. Miss Kathryn Cashin;
MiMs Irene, school teacher, Miss Marie Thell;
Mamie Marigold, generous to a fault. Miss
Florence Scbage. ' -' - ¦" ¦ '- •
Pupils or wmlnary — Emelle Zabaldano. Grace
Mclntyre, Alice Christianson,' Ethel Schage,
JoRie McCarthy, Constance Paullison. Nellie
McKevitt, Clorinda Raggio, May Johnson, An
nie Everson. Gertie Ritchie. May Peterson, Ag
nes McMahon, Mollie Koach. Irene ITheil, Re
glna Grace. Alma Stewart, Mamie Mclntyre.
Part second — Opening chorus. "The Christ
mas Song." eolo. Miss Florence Schage: vocal
«olo. Mr. La Faille; "Irish Washerwoman, .
Mix I'e&rl Seeear: duo, "Tell Me. Pretty
MaW*n," Ml£» Grace "Wright and Clarence
Krone: "My Wild Irish Rose." Miss Ina Col
lins; clog daneff Mi«» Georgette Orr;- special
ties "W Potts; "Just a Little riece of String,"
Miss Victoria Orr; fc»s*o solo, Charles Hay;
chorus, "Rlns, ye Chriitmas Bells," young
ladle* of the Sunday-school; monologue, Rollln
Ayers. ¦ .
St. Francis Parish, Turns Out in Full
Force to Attend Clever En
tertainment.
• When Adarn got off a good thing no one
ever said: .'.'T always liked that joke."
George W. Robinson, a young man, was
convicted by a jury in Judge Cook's court
yesterday on the charge of burglary' in
the eecori<J degree. He broke Into the of
fice of Lloyd & "Wood, in the Nevada
block,. August 17, and stole a typewriter.
He has also to stand trial on three
charges of grand larceny for stealing bi-
Convicted of Burglary)
Capital Stock Is Six Million Dollars,
of Which Ninety Thousand
Is Subscribed.
The syndicate that recently bought the
JCorth Pacific Coast Railroad filed arti
cles of ir corporation yesterday. The road
in the future will be known as the North
Shore RjJlroad. The company will move
their offices from their present location
to the new Haywards building as soon as
it is completed.
The capital stock of the new corpora
tion Is $6 ,000,000, of which 590,000 has been
subscribed. The subscribers are John
Martin, R. R. Colgate. E. J. de Sabla. R.
M. Hotaling. C. A. Grow and \ William
Piereon. each of whom has subscribed
?15.000.
The corporation has nine directors.
They are R. R. Colgate. John Martin, E. j
J. de Sabla, R. M. Hotaling, Antolne Bo
rel. Johr. C. Coleman. C. de Guigne. A.
H. Small and Edward Coleman.
XORTH SHORE RAILROAD
IS VAST COHPORATION
Mrs. Kittle was "at' home" yesterday
at Pacific and Steiner streets and many
callers were received. Those who assisted
were:- ; . • ; , ' ' ; - ;V : :.
. Mrs. George Boyd, Mrs. ' William Taylor.
Mrs. Ebenezer Scott, Miss Cornelia Scott Miss
Mary Foster and Miss Anna Foster.
• .' ,"• • .»'¦»¦'
Mrs. W. J. Landers and ; Miss .Bernlce
Landers were "at home" yesterday at
2400 Broadway. Miss Bonsail of Los An
geles,'a guest of Miss Landers/assisted
in receiving the guests. • . - , .
Mrs. Herrin. was "at home"' yesterday
at Broadway and Scott streets. Mrs Her-
J'"»» assjsted by Mrs. William Stewart
and' Miss Kate • Herrin. • / -• „ • ••
: Mrs. George Shreve, Mrs. : Daniel .Perkins
Miss Voorhies, Mre, Henry Crocker, Mrs. Fred
erick WTallant. Mrs. . H. M. A. Miller and
Mrs. Louis Monteasle. '
Those at Miss Grant's table were:
Mrs. B. B. Cutter, Mrs. Walter E. Dean,
Mm. Wakefleld Baker, Mrs. Ryland Wallace,
Mrs. E. B. Pond, Mrs. Wilfred B. Chapman
and Mrs. Reginald K.. Smith. .
Mrs. Edward Pond gave the first of a
series of luncheons yesterday with her
sister. Miss Grant. The decorations were
pink roses. The luncheon-- was . a ¦ de
lightful affair. The guests at Mrs. Pond's
luncheon were:' f
— - •»•
orations were chiefly American beauties,
carnations and foliage. ; . .•¦¦•¦,
Those who assisted v were: ¦¦_;¦¦
;.Mrs. Wyatt Allen, Mrs. .Joseph' Tobin. Mrs.
w. R Lester, Miss Clement, Miss Taylor and
Miss Ven Ness.: •
-j — ;
gown of pink striped batiste, with pink
satin ribbons.
Miss Colhoun wore an exquisi'te gown
of red crepe, de chine, accordeon-plaited
over red taffeta, garniture of red poppies.
The La Bohemlene Cotillon Club, half
a hundred strong, attended the perform
ance of "The Wife" at the Alcazar The
fiter last night. This large theater party
was chaperoned by Mrs. James ; Wilson.
Among those who attended were:
Mrs. James Ellison, Miss Viola Bruckman,
Ed Rues, Bert Da Haven, Miss Gertrude Grady.
Miss JSenvenuta Grady, Wallace Crowell Miss
Lulu Schwartz, Luon Fall, Miss Alice 6rowe,'
Mr. Alten, I Miss M. Schieff. Charles McLaren,
Miss Lois Eoff. Louis Delano, Miss Mamie
Carroll, Roy Gurney, Miss Etta Langrer, Clif
ton Cherninent, Mies Ella Wegner, Miss Lulu
Wegner, Walter Pritehard, Miss Emma Mow
eray, Roy Slbley. Miss Matilda Ellison, Hardy
Hutchnison, Miss Hull, Bert Perry and Jesse
Eoff.
Mrs. Crockett and Mrs. Lawrence Scott
were "at home", yesterday at the resi
dence of the former. About 100 callers
were received. Mrs. '.Crockett was' be
comingly gowned In white lace and Mrs,
Scott wore a dainty pink barege. ¦< •¦ «¦ •
Those who assisted In receiving were:
Mrs. Reginald K. Smith, Miss Alice Hager.
Mra. Mountford Wilson, the Misses Carolan and
Miss Emily Wilson.
• • •
Mrs. Cyrus Walker, Mrs. . Ira Pierce and
Miss Sophia Pierce were "at home"/yes
terday at 1730 Jackson street. Nearly 300
guests were received. The drawing-rooms :
were decorated with American beauties
SIG CHBISTMAS FESTIVAL
. FOR THE SUNDAY-SCHOOL
j . . ..A- • hall looked like fairyland with
; the filmy lace dresses and the bright col
i ored decorations. The clever patronesses
! had arranged to have Oriental effects
I principally for decorations, but so many
¦ costly Chinese banners, embroideries, .
i lamps, etc., were loaned by Ho Yow, the
| Pacific-Union Club and others thatrit was
I almost wholly Chinese. So valuable are
• some of the articles loaned that several
I policemen have been specially detailed to
j guard them constantly until they are re
i turned to-day to the owners.
} Mrs. McClung gave the matter of deco-
I rations her personal supervision, and is to
! be congratulated upon the artistic effects
| fcecured. - ,
i A very pretty german was danced un
i der the direction of Percy King.
The ladles who received the guests, Mrs.
A. H. Voorhies, Mrs. H. E. Huntington
MrV McClung^ made -the affair, a
•great success; although the otheripatran-'
esses, Mrs. Fester, Mrs. McKittrick, Mrs.
Hopkins, Mrs. Mills, Mrs.' Spreckels anil
Mrs.- Martin, were missed. Many beautiful
and effective gowns were worn by the la
dies. . . '
Mrs. H. E. Huntington was attired in,
pale pink, lusterless eilk crepe, with gar
; niture of real lace.
i Mrs. Voorhies wore black lace over
i'white silk.
; Mrs. McClung was gowned in black
: crepe de chine, with a decollete bodice
| outlined with black lace.
; Mrs. W. J. Huntington was charming'ln
; a black lace gown embroidered with jet.
! Miss Kathryn Robinson was radiant and
i happy in cream brocaded satin, with a
j bertha of point lace.
i Miss Jennie Blair was elaborately
i gowned in cream renaissance lace over
white chiffon.
Miss Elsie Sperry wore a beautiful pink
silk gown showered with soft silk fringe.
Miss Elizabeth Huntington wore a Pa
risian gown of white tulle with bands of
rink satin ribbon and sash of pale blue
satin. - .
Miss Grace Spreckels wore a black lace
I robe embroidered with jet.
j Miss McClung wore a . dainty white
! point d'esprit over white silk.
; Miss Susie King was becomingly attired
i in black net with irridescent spangled
i garniture on the bodice, and red roses.
Miss Edith Huntington was particular
ly happy in white point d'esprlt over
white silk, with garniture of grape
i leaves and grapes. . .
1 Miss Lillian Spreckels was becomingly
attired in pale tan striped and trimmed
with ecru serr>entine lace Insertion.
Miss Voorhie3 wore a pretty white net
creation over pink *silk.
Miss Clara Huntington wore a beautiful
white crepe de chine over white silk.
Miss Louise Reddington was charming
in white tulle, trimmed with rows of pink
\ elvet.
Miss Kate Herrln was prettily gowned
in white net over white silk. .
Miss Ardella Mills was charming in a
NATIVE SONS' HALL, was bril
liant last evening with those In
society's younger set who.3anced
at the La Jeunesse cotillon. The
The Central Pacific and the Oregon and
California 1 road on the- mileage in . this
State ! also show great' discrepancies. The
difference I between the i valuation placed
by * the State Board of Equalization : in
1901 and. the stock, and bond liability, in
1900 alone amounts: to more than $130,000
per mile on the Central Pacific and $47,000
per V' mile, on trie Oregon, ahd California
road. '¦ " . >¦ ¦ ••' "":¦'¦¦ "i "";¦¦•¦¦:¦.- '"..•¦-''..
:To this showing may be added a v sum
mary referring to earnings which was
also sworn to by officials of, the Southern
Pacific Company. It appears ; from this
that the' income . from - r operation for the
Pacific .¦ Bystem * of .• the Southern'- Pacific
Company „ for >the year , ending « June 30,
1900. > less ' operating ; expenses, was $19,
575,052 72. . : It is , .' a '¦' matter . of ¦' common
knowledge :that .this State supplies rthe
great bulk of. the business for, the Pacific
division of the Southern Pacific Company.
Therefore 'the people* -who ,pay the
freights— the olL producers, 1 orange »grow
ers and" others " : of .' all ; classes— are con
cerned in seeing how they -also pay i the
taxes that the Southern Pacific Company
manages 'to dodge. '.-•¦¦: ' • ¦¦_,¦ .
; Basis. • Basis.
South Pacific Coast. $lt,500,000 $1,111,000
S P. R. R- of Cal. . 179,092,060 - 29,580,000
Miles of .road, 654.04; stock outstanding,
$19,000,000; funded debt, $3S,521,000r average
per mile, $58\897 01. . ••; ,
The difference that comes from not as
sessing the railroad companies'- properties
at even the figures of stock and bond lia
bility to which the officers -of the com
pany have made oath is easily illustrated
by taking the mileage, of either; of the
exclusively California roads and apply
ing, comparatively the assessments by the
State Board of Equalization and the
amount of the liability per mile men
tioned .in the _ foregoing. - Taking: the ' as
sessment at $11,000 per mile for round fig
ures, although the State Equalizers; make
it some hundreds of dollars less per mile
for assessment purposes, the comparative
statement would be as follows, for the
roads wholly. In the State: '.,
' '• On Stock - State
- -¦ ( ¦ ''. and Bond -, Kquallzers'
The Southern Pacific of Arizona and the
Southern' Peclflc of New Mexico, although
they may plead poor business in the
sparsely settled regions in which they
exist,' as an exemption from taxation, are
nevertheless found to be * pleading guilty
to carrying respectively stock and funded
debt amounting to $76,342 58 and $66,
097 34. The Oregon' and California road,
of which a great part is in California;
made this showing over the signatures
of Messrs. Huntington and Willcutt:
Huge Values Implied.
On" page 25 of the annual report of the
Southern Pacific Company to the Board
of Railroad: Commissioners, for the year
ending June -30, 1900, will be found by the
diligent seeker many details combined in
.tabular shape. These give the mileage,
the . amount of capital stock, the funded
debt, the total stock liability and the rate
!of liability per mile of the following
'named corporations at the date .men-,
ttioned:- South Pacific Coast', Southern Pa
cific Railroad of California," Southern Pa
cific of Arizona, Southern Pacific of New
Mexico, Central Pacific and Qregon and
California.
» Some of these lines are entirely In this
State. In the case of the Central Pacific
the more valuable part is in California:
At the bottom of neatly arranged columns
of figures are totals •which could be of
value to the State Board of Equalization,
because they state the total mileage of
the Southern Pacific Company's lines and
the average stock and bonded indebted
ness per mile, and so form .a starting
point for an intelligent - investigation.
There were, as sworn to by H. E. Hunt
ington and J. L. Willcutt on June 30, 1900,
trackage of the roads named amounting
to 5334.56 miles and the average stock and
bond liability of all this track was $88,
128 25 per mile. . \ . . .-.-. . '-\ -
The South Pacific Coast lines, all of
which are. in the State of California, were
found to be carrying , a funded debt of
$5,500,000 and. stock amounting to $6,000,000
on 101.10 miles of track, or $11,500,000 in all,
being an average of $113,748 76 per mile,
as • reported by- Messrs. Huntington and
Willcutt. The Southern Pacific Railroad
Company of California, whose trkeks are
in this State, had a funded debt of $77,
803,500 and stock of $101,289,160, the total
being $179,092,660 on 2690.41 miles of track,
the average being $67,065 60 per mile. ; The
Central Pacific Company, whose produc
tive business is mainly due to this State,
carried $120,672,986 70 in funded, debt, • $79.
275,500 in stock and. had 1348.66. miles of
track, so that the average, as stated un
der oath,' the statements of averages be
ing" made by Messrs. Huntington and "WlU
cutt- along with the other figures, M was
$148,257 15 per mile. - Beside these figures
the plain man will • rub his eyes very
hard, if he is a taxpayer and not a tax
dodger, when he sees that the State
Board of Equalization . made the assess
ment In 1901 on. these properties at the
rate of less than $11,000 per mile for the
lines of the Southern Pacific Company, and
$17,408 for the Central Pacific.
Sworn to by. Huntington.
. The. annual statement -.that was due
from ,the .Southern Pacific Company in
December, 1901, -haB not, for some reason,
been filed yet. In. the- office of the Rail
road* Commissioners, = however, are tha
figures for the preceding year that throw
all needed ;. lisht ;upon the question of
whether I the State ; is fairly : treated when
the State-Board -of Equalization, places
the assessment ; for. purposes of taxation
inside "Of" J11.000- per -mile-for the proper
ties of the Southern Pacific Company in
Calif ornia, ¦ and -rates -the' Central Pacific
•lines -in ;the State at '$17,408 • per - mile.
property is worth at least the face
of the' mortgage; the State is not getting
a square deal'if the -figures supplied, by
H. B. Huntington and Secretary Willcutt
of the -Southern "Pacific- Company,' under
oath, are aecurate.'j^Mrv, Huntington was
the • vice president" of "tne ; company when
he Bigned .the^statementsito.»which some
attention /will* now ;; be. paid, -i* v
The yastnee9, of the 'scheme of the
Southern 'Pacific' Company., to dodge pay
ing its share of "taxes "¦ on /Its property In
this \ State isj ! - illustrated by sworn . state
ments' placed' before, the State 'Board of
Railroad Commissioners < by jj persons offi
cially, connected- with': the' great -; railroad
corporation. IB It 'Is V true that' the j state
ments : were filed ; for.: a different* purpose
than the' one for which they t are now sus
ceptible. ';; The law requires* that an \ an
nual statement '.'shall.'* he' filed "by,;' each
transportation company doing business in
California, ' In -which shall be ; included a
general and detailed showing of the finan
cial condition and of operations .during
the preceding twelve months. ' From this
it has resulted that the- Southern Pacific
Company has annually, put itself on rec
ord, before . a ¦'>. public commission, where
the records;, are easily 'accessible to the
State Board rof I Equalization and to all'
other -citizens, furnishing thei very facts
concerning which the railroad company's
tax'attorney befogs the minds of the pub
lic. ..Consequently even' the wayfarer need
not' err In searching for the real facts, If
;he wishes earnestly to find them. ;
The committees that will officiate at the
reception and convention are as follows":
Arrangements for evening reception — Mrs.
Louis Wei:imann, Chestnut and Clinton streets,
Alameda: Mrs. I. Lowenbergr. 609 Van Ness
avenue. Sun Francisco. Badges — Mrs. - M. B.
2&<7 .Twenty-fourth -street. - Bureau- of
inf ormaUon—^Mrs. George _C. Levlston, ' 2114
I'ine street. Courtesies — Mrs. L. R. Tuttle.
2170 Sutter street. Club literature — Mrs. Man
fred Branflenstein, '• 1T701 Sacramento street.
Credential »— Mrs. M. E. Robertson, Los An
sele*. Decorations — Mrs. J. H..Gilmore. 2032
Bush street. Finance — Mrs. H. C. Bunker,
Hotel Savoy. Hall — Mrs. Franklin K. Lane.
2524 Gougrh street. Headquarters — Mrs. Syl
vian Weill. 2319 Bueh street. Hospitality —
Mrs. John Farnham, «94 Union street. Music —
Mrs. James M. Goewey. 300 Page street. Pro
gramme — Mrs. Kate Bulkeley, 541 Albion 6treet,
Oakland. Press— Mrs. W. F. Southard. 1420
Clay street. Printing — Mrs. Horace Coffin. K.18
Fell streei.. Reception — Mrs. Frank D. Bate*,
2332 Clay etreet. Transportation — Mn. W. W.
Etilson, S:.2 Kensington road, Los Angeles.
Overacher, president Washington Township
Country C^ub; Mrs. Eva S. Dlckertnan, presi
dent Wattoavllle Woman s Club; Mrs. S. B.
Carpenter, oresldent WlmodausU Club; Mrs.
Phillip S. Teller, president Adelphian Club,
Alameda: Mrs. P. B. Fraser, president Phllo
mathian Club, Stockton.
Mis. Lovcll White, jireeident California
Club, chairman: Mrs. E. CJ. Denniston. presi
dent Forum Club, vice chairman; Mrs. Dor
ville Llbby, recording secretary ; Mrs. J. \V.
Orr, corres jondins secretary; Mrs. Annie Lit
tle-Barry, urcsident Corona Club; Mrs. F.
Kendall, aretioent Contt-rriiwrary Club; Mrs.
Kate Bulkrley, president Ebell Club: Mrs. Ja
cob Brandt, president. Laurel Hall Club; Mrs.
\V. H. Byincton, president Mills Club; Mrs.
O. \V. Buanell; president Oakland Woman's
Club; Mrs. J. F. Parkinson, president Palo
Alto Woman's Club; Mrs. Emily A. Frltsch.
president Petaluma Woman's Club: Mrs. I.
Lowenberg. uresident Philomath Club; Mrs.
Ella M. Sexton, president Press Club: Mrs. E.
O. Smith, president San Jos» Women's Club;
Mrs. W. B. Harrington, president Soroels
Club; Mrs. I. N. Chapman, president Tea
Club, Alameda; Mrs. A. J. Ralston, president
Town and Gown Club, Berkeley; Mrs. H.
During tne convention all the important
eubjects now being agitated by women
all over the country will come up for de
bate. Several warm arguments will prob
ably ensue over the "color line" ques
tion, as it is given out that the partisans
of each side are fortifying themselves
for the debate. Programmes for the con
vention will be issued about February L
Those desiring them In advance of, the
date set for the opening can have them
by applying to Mrs. Kate A. Bulkeley, Ul
Albion street, Oakland.
Members of Board and Committees.
The members of the lotal board are as
follows:
The local board holds its meeting every
two weeks at the rooms of the California
Club in the Y. M. C. A. building. At the
meeting iield yesterday afternoon the
linal arrangements for the opening of the
big convention and the reception during
the evening were made.
Eace Question to Be Debated.
Mayor tlugene tecnmitz will open the
con\ention on tae arternoon of fceoruary
4. It is expected that the new Mayor will
make extensive remarks. In the evening
a. grand reception to the visiting dele
gates, will be given by the women of the
local clubK. It is the aim of Mrs. Lovell
White, Mrs. 1. Lowenberg and Mrs. R. J.
Burdette and other ladies interested in
the reception to make it one of the best
affairs oi its kind ever given in this city.
The best talent obtainable will be on
hand to dispense music and every other
feature will be well looked after.
Jso stone is being left unturned by the
members ol the local board to mane tne
inost complete ariangements possible tor
ii succesfciuj cunvenuon.
The board composed of the presidents
of the various women's clubs ia making:
elaborate preparations for the first con
vention of the California Federation of
Women's Clubs to be held In this city
at Golden Gate Hall on February 4, 5. 6
and 7. Th>» convention will be one of the
biggest gatherings of women representa
tives that has ever been held in this*
fctate. More than ninety delegates, repre
senting some 7ikkj women, from every sec
tion iti thu State will be present at the
convention.
; Returns . Oonf ront " • I
' . . Equalizers.
Railroad^ Men's Tabulated
An Elaborate Reception Will
Be Given Visiting
Delegates.
Is <-.GaugecL
Extent of Tax Dodging
by Southern Pacific .
Federation of Women's
Clubs to Meet Next '
Month.
SWORN FIGURES
EXPOSE FRAUD
WOMEN PREPARE
FOR CONVENTION
tiii: san Francisco caLl^satu^r
Society's Younger Set Dance? and Makes Merry Amid Resplendent
Oriental Decorations in Native Sons' HalL
LA JEUNESSE COTILLON PROVES
ONE OF THE SEAS ON'S SUCCESSES
Mrs.' F. A. Franl« Miss.' Pearl lenders. Mrs.
Harry Davis, Miss , Helen ;-. Dean, • Mrs. Alfred
¦Tubb«, Mrs. ! Thomas BlBhop, Miss Van Slcklen
\ and Miss GeorgJna Jones. ;.:; .; ¦•¦ ¦.. , ; - - ;• :¦ ¦¦; ¦'."
i The homff^of Mrs; William H. Taylor at
' California and Laguna streets was thrown
open . to some 200 callers yesterday . after
noon. Mrs. | Augustus , Taylor -and Miss
Frances Hopkins also received..: The dec-
9
; -The more purely, negative • soap is, ¦
the' neater does it approach perfection..'
V ; '..Unless you have used gears'. 6oap
you probablydqi not know .what; we;
mean by a soap with no free . fat or al- .
;¦ kali in it— nothing but soap:
'. Established over xoo years. .
GRAPE-NUTS.
HILL BROOK FARM.
The Ow:ier Comments on Grape-Nuts
A farrier with his out-of-door work
might have reason to expect more than
the average of good health If he would
use proper food and have It well cooked,
but many of them, In middle age, suffer
torment?; from dyspepsia, and following
that a T.'eakered nervous system.
To fehow the value of a change in food
we quote from a letter written by.' I*
Flagler, owner of Hill Brook Farm, Char-
lottesville, Va.:
"I have spent a very considerable
cmount of money in trying to cure my
stomach trouble with medicines, and have
changed climate sei'eral times. About
two ytars ago I was taken worse. .My
heart end kidneys gave me much trouble.
I could not sleep nights. Was very nerv-
ous, thin and discouraged. Finally I
changed my food and • began taking
'.*rrape-J.'uts Ereakfast Food. This agreed
with rn» and I thought I could see my
vay out. so I have stuck to .Grape-Nuts
for a year and a half and gradually **he
"Id troubles have disappeared.
"I have made splendid progress In
health r.nd strength, sleep well and can
now do a good day's work for a man of
fifty years.
"M knsw that Grape-Nuts caused the
changr, and although 1 am now able to
iise other food as I like, still I. stick, to
CJrape-Nuls because I know how it. nour-
ished rr.e. and besides, wife and I both
like the food.
"She says nothing has helped her nerv-
ous sjg-em like Grape r Nuts. We buy the
food by the cafe and are very enthusias-
tic in jceard to it."-".
• It ss plain. that nervous, worn out poo-
pie cam be brought buck to-- htuHh by
Ufch.fc Crcye-Xuta.
OPEN YOUR EYES
To the quality of our laundry work, and
they'll convince ' you of, its perfection."
Don't kick if other laundries . are not
pleasing you; send your next bundle, here,
and 'twill prove so pleasingly satisfactory
that we're willing to leave the rest to
your good sense.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Marks'. Stroa: .
- , ' Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlcs— 54- San Paolo Ave.
... -- - ...... ..¦¦,-:¦ ¦¦..'..¦¦¦¦¦.¦ Tl
MSppUTE
We arc preDared to furnish unexcelled black,
also array, rooflnx ulate. ' manufactured at our
quarries In El Dorado County. We invite com-
parison with any Eastern slate.
On acollcatlon full Information will ba fut-
nlshed Intending, bulldero.
. . ..'EUREKA CO.-
¦": .Room 15. Second Floor. Mills Bu!ld!:i».
... San • Francisco. • Cal. • ' -
gn» CH1CHZ«TER*8 ENGLISH
PSINVROY^L FILLS
Wb «-^K""V" "" 1— wrle*"«* «¦* Only Ueanlaa. - -
P-«7/ a it*r\aLirE. Al«»"rr!iaMe Laillci. Ml I>'usrlt *
>'/*> Jrt*^ ** CIIICUilSTEV-'S KNCUiU ,
iff S^tiK'-Ala KFI) acl Gold aurt&U<e boxe-.. j-«!«4
*tev . zPffiH wltb Ww> b| x«>- I'nko n« other. Beftu*
* I ?i «fe Vvj Waiarcroa* »ub«Ut«Slo«a an.J im lu.
I / ~ ft} tlon». . H aj of jonr Oraggi>t. or wad 4e. ia -
." I •<- fit «»mp« fer ~ Partttalsr*. T«cttm«aiala
\ > 3* tt ' >ad "H«l!rf for I^»41c<.»«n Uf.tr. »> n. "
¦ P. ' Ian MutU 1 «.«<¦•> rr«:siaaisl«. Mite
t Ustlca till p»jk«. Uodiauw. Sn**r+ Vaii^, i'2
",' - : ' ¦ • ¦'¦..¦"• .-^ •-„-...
Skeens Painless Stricture Curo eradicates every
trace of Stricture, cleansing and healing from the
start, allaying inflammation and enlargement
of the Prostate Gland and restoring Lost Vitality.
No cutting, dilating 1 , drugging or bougies, j We
positively gusrantoa a thorough, j painless and
permanent cure in every case, and you can
Pay. When Cured.
We mean just what we eay, and it costs nothing
to investigate* Our remedy is a direct local ap-
plication to the affected parts, and ia absolutely
harmless. Will mail in plain sealed envelope, to
any address, our interesting book. "An Honest
Talk; 1 . containing many testimonials, also, a
PBPF 15 DAYS' i
rgYC d EL TRIAL TREATMENT.
P. A. SKEE.M CO.m Atlas Bank Bldg., Cincinnati^
¦ ¦, B'^ < <evo>^-^-'»»-^-^-^^^a*'''^'^.0'
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
Ihuseum of ahatomy#
9 1051S£A2SXT:S.t«*..6iS7'J:,S.?.Cil.'i
A *^tT ¦ The Largest Anitomiat Museum in the
K iJV. VVorld. - Weaknes!>es or any contracted t
V flKO j^B riisease pcisitiTrly carnd hy the oldest T
® / •* TO 41 '" 0 " theColst. Est 36 years. ©
i &f0 OR- JORDAN-DISEASES GF MEN Q
\'I%!lW "¦¦ Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
m tt jSrSZ TroAlment personally or by letter. A jfl
T fi Br . r—Mv Owrm in eyety aie undertaken. . ¦, \
A P (I III I Write for Book. FBILOIUPnYof A
"Ml I MAnnlACE. MAILED FP.EE. (AY
.' A '" .• Q . , jj, valuable book for nvn) ¦ , . ~ ' ,\
. 7 OB.2OBDAN A CO., 1051 Market St. S. P. V
GOHORRHOEA AND CKINAET DISCHAS8E3
- A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
BAJ A! CALIFORNIA
Damiaiia Bitters
IS . A ;' GREAT . RESTORATIVE. IN VIGORA- •
tor and Nervine. - ¦} ¦ •• ¦-'. ¦¦"¦ . . ¦ ¦ -
-'The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. ,
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. ' Sllla on Us own merits. ..
- •-' NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. A{tnu,-
*." H3 Market at. B. P.— <Sen<t for Circular*.)
> NEW;' WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND 'WASHINGTON / STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, .WARD &
CO. ¦ ' European ¦ plan. -. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 ¦ day; .
S5 to fS week;. *S to J20 month. Free baths;
iot and cold water every room; fire grates la
every rccm; elevator runs all night. .;.
• . ADVEBTISEMENTS.
dounty President W.Q.T.pr., Mrs. H.
F. Roberts, .;pf:!T^asas v dity;
Says to All Sick Women: "Giva Mrs. Pinkham a Chance,
I Know She Can Help Toxics She Did Me."
: "Dear Mrs. PiNKJaAM : —The world praises great reformers ; their
names and fames are in tiie rears of everybody, and, the public press
helps spread the goodltidings. ;Among them, all Lydia IL Pinkham^s
name goes to posterity, .with' a'softly breathed blessing irom the lips of
thousands upon thousands of /women who; have been restored to their
families 'when life hung by ~a thread, ; and/by thousands of others whose
¦^eary v -'aching.-limbs\y6u'haye.''<iidckehed-^ whose pains you have
taken away. >^ '^.v
:. ¦ MRS. tt.'F." ROBERTS: ¦
*'I know -whereof I speak, for I have received much valuable bene-
fit myself through the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and for years I have known dozens of women who have. suffered
with displacement, ovarian troubles, nlcerations and inflammation who
are strong and well today, simply through the use of your Compound.
I feel sure you will never know one-half the good you have done hu-
manity, and I only wish every suffering woman could know what you
can do for j her, would she only .just give you the chance. Fraternally
yours, Mrs. II. F. Roberts, 140OIcGee St., Kansas City, Mo."
Women, do you realize the generosity of Mrs. Pinkham's
freely offered advice ?. >.^ ;:; v J /^ ,7?-
Don't hesitate to write to Mrs.' , Pinkham. • She will understand your ca
perfectly, and will, treat you with kindness... Her advice is 'free, and the
address Is Liynn, Mass. No woman ever regretted having 1 "written her, and she has
helped thousands. Her medicine, , lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
§ Compound, is the true help "for nervoufe, sick and ailing women. It regu-
lates the monthly sickness and overcomes all those uterine derangements that
excite the nerves. This is the easy and the right way to get the help you need.
Bead the letters from the women- she has helped. .
/•When women are troubled .with irregularities, suppressed or
painful menstruation, weakness, indigestion, leucorrhcea, displacement
or ulceration of the womb, inflammation of the ovaries, general debility,
and nervous prostration, or are beset -with such symptoms as dizziness,
faintness, lassitude, excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleeplessness,
melancholy," all-gone" and " want-to-be-leit-alone " feelings, blues, and
hopelessness, they should remember there is one tried and true remedy.
X«ydia E. Pinkliam's Vegetable Compound at once removes such
troubles. "Refuse to buy any other medicine, for you need the best.
$HB9 4& fftk 4&k Rflllfl tin Owing to the fact that some skeptical people
S IMqII Mi> Ufa IS Ic 9 I have lrom * ime t0 t \ me <W**ti°™d the genuine.
ft^ ' [?1 H B El ftl il 1 ¦ am Pi II 1 I ne! * of tiie testimonial letters we are constantly
BT « UJ W a |3 E! Efl c!B Em H 0 m ft 1 1 Wd> p»*iishins: we have deposited with the National
¦n l^Hlluol • ¦"¦"' City Bank, of Lynn, Mass., $5,000, -which will
HlJlHrJln t0 M^ person who -will show that the above testimonial is net
-• %Sr %« uJ| VvJS genuine, or was publbhtd before obtaining the wiiteT's special permi*-
gion.— Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Company, Lynn, Maes. |STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
Local stocks and bonds continued dull and
nominal. The only fluctuation worthy of note
was a decline in Giant. Powder to $80 50.
- The $2,000,000 Los Angeles water bonds, ls
eued some time ago, not having been disposed
'of as yet, it has been decided to postpone the
holding of a special election to decide the ques
tion of iasuins $700,000 worth of bonds for the
building of new school houses. . .
The Bear Flag oil assessment of 2 cents fell
'delinquent on the board yesterday.
. The following we're ex-dividend yesterday:
Marln County Water Company, regular quar
terly, 75 cents per share, amounting to $4500;
First National Bank of San Francisco, semi-an
nual, at the rate of 10 per cent per annum
amounting to $7500; Market Street Railway
regular ¦ quarterly of 60 cents per share
amounting to $111,702: Giant Consolidated
Powder Company, regular monthly, 75 cents
per share, amounting to $15,000; California
iWlne Association, regular monthly. 60 cents
per share, amounting to $26,023 20; The San
Francisco National Bank. .1 per cent for the last
six months of 1901. • Previous dividends were
2'^ i>er cent. '
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
. .-Bid. Ask. . " Bid A 3k
4s quar coup — — 4a qr c (new)l.*M) i:j».t£
4s quar reg.. — ' — 3s quar coup-lOSmiO
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. '
Ala'A~W Co. — — Oceanic 5a.. ltr> tat
Bay CPC 5s.lO8Vi — . Ombua C 6s. 130%
Cal-st 5a.':.^ll«^, — Pac G Im 4s. 9« loo
S. C T W^ 5s - m ~ PMkC.H8i.tO5 107»i
( Ed LAP 6s.. — — Pk&O R 6s.* — 1->o
Fer&C H 6s.l20 — Pwl-st R ea.llS^ioQ
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 Sac EGR 5 9 } »5U —
H C&S.5%s. 09Vi 9ft<il SF & SJV5s.l2l4l2U
, Do 5s...... — 100V4 Sierra Cal 6s — -— . '
NEW. TORK,' Jan. 10.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will. say:',' ': \ v ¦¦'¦ , '
' Trade arlvicep, as reflected in ; Bradstreet's,
exhibits. more. lrrecularlty,^ caused by .weather
conditions or proceedings from the 'early, stage
of the * season. . ; .. /.
¦ ' That a ' considerable spring business has al
ready, been' booked' is 'indicated -by., the heavy
shipments of merchandise. Speculation is like
wise exhibiting a broadening tendency," but here
also some irregularity : is. manifested on '.owing
of counter-currents and technical market condi
tions. -The growing ease of money, is a'reflec
tion of previously reported good conditions fol
lowing active trade 'in the late months of last
year. Iron and steel • production = is .active be
yond precedent at this season of the' 1 year; and
further advances of 5Cc • and $1'. per.' ton" are
noted In charcoal pig, -which Is taking nlace In
other grades at Chicago as a result of. the scar
city due to Insufficient' transportation. > , South
ern plgiron has. been, firm, on a basis -of- $12 lor
No. 2 at Birmingham and foundry, pig has been
advanced 50c at Philadelphia: : The shut-down
of : Chicago furnaces . has" caused' an', accumula
tion of ' coke sufficient . to : allow several : to . re
sume. The -Plttsburg /district -iron' and steel
. trade alone is . said to : be ¦ short < 6000 : cars . and
although a change- for.' the better is -reported'
there double ; the present : shipments . could be
made - if : there .- were cars ; enough. :• So - full • of
orders'are American;, rail- mills' that) a contract
for - 105,000 ' tons for • Mexico went to ' England
this week, no American ' bids being received.
New business - reported,", chiefly j for » the -second
half of.- the, year, "j is- of t good" volume; and. in
addition some large sales or rore?gn iron-are re-"
ported, '.The. feature' in cereals »has -been the
unquestionable growth of speculative feeling as
reflected -in improved t'- outside ' or commission
buying of wheat, 1 corn and oats^wHrTe flour has
also Improved ln i general - demand. ;r Crops ' dam
aged in » the . Southwest J and : reports ¦; of i excep
tlonal activity at St: Louis have been stimulat
ing factors, but all through the week'realizine
has been the: restraining: feature,' sufficient fin
the case of. corn: aided by freer country offer
ings, to bring about a slight decline. -Export
ers are still declared to be out of the markefin
this : cereal and ; in ¦ wheat, -' and/- despite '. good '
cables from • abroad, the advance in domestic
\ "LIVERPOOL. '^
Wheat — ," March. May.
Opening 6 4 6 4\i.
Closing .:. r.i. .-.:. •.'.v..:..t.\ ei e *n
PARIS. '
Wheat— . ' Jan. V Mar.-June.
Opening ....'2185 22 80 -.
Closing ..'. 2185 < 22 80 v
Flour — '¦•• ' - - ." - •' ¦• ¦¦ . ... *
Opening ..........."....... 27 65 - .'28 70 . •'
Closing ...........-...;... 27 ( 65 ! .28 70 '•
Eastern Livestock Market.
, ' ' CHICAGO. •
CHICAGO. Jan. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3000 ; steady. , Good to prime i nominal,-; $6 60®
7 60; poorto medium, _ $4@6 25;' stockers and
feeders,! $2 25@'4 45; cows, $1 25@4 65; heifers,
$2 25@5; : c"anners';>$l'25@2 30; bulls, $2@4 50;
calves, $2 50©C 25; Texas-fed, steers, $3 25®
HOGS— Receipts. 30,000; to-morrow. 25.000;
left' over,": 10,000; 5@10c lower; > closing weak.
Mixed and butchers', $C@6 57V4: Rood to choice
heavy, $6 30(3« 57^-.-n rough heavy, ' $5 00«<»
6 20: light; $5 50@G 05; bulk of sales, $6@6 35.
:> SHEEP — Receipts, • 10,000; .'. sheep, steady , to
strong; lambs strong to; 10c higher; Good; to
choice wethers. $4(gi4 75;fair to choice mixed,
$3 50@4 25:* Western eh?ep, $4@475; native
lambs,, $3 60@6;^Western lambs. $5@8. :
.",:; ST.V JOSEPH. '•; : . •.
*: t ST.', JOSEPH.* Mo.. . Jan.; 10.—CATTLE--Re
ceipts. i 900; ; ; market . steady. «»- Natives, :¦ $3 35©
7 25: cows and heifers, i$l M®5 35; veals, $3®
6;:Etockers and feeders, , $2@4 25. »•-'¦ .
'\ HOGS— Receipts, 5400; market steady. Light
and- light mixed. \ $5 7506 40; medium and
heavy. ?6 15®6 (iO; pigs.- $.J 75®5.' > '
; SHEEP— Receipts,"* 100;. market' active. Top
lambs. $5 00. . -,-.. - • - ;•
INew York Metal Market. " ¦
! . - NEW.TQHK,. Jan; 10.— Reports were perslst
ently r clrculated that; the; United Metal: Selling
Company,^ had reduced [ prices" j for" : Lake', copper. 1
• But at the eh le office of, the concern it was said
that no I reduction . had ' been ' made. Thu s V the
official srijj-ror. Lake copper is ; still - 12}io.-
Bradstreet's on Trade.
New York Stock Market.
SCETV TORK. Jan. 10.— The condition of
n«£'.ect and crofefcElonalism Info which the
sto-k market Is falling became 'more evident
to-dcy. not enly in the smaller volume of tho
trad ine, but in the eccentric fluctuations of
prices. The n?t changes in the majority of the
list will be found narrow, but the day's range
was considerable and the changes constant and
various. The rule of operation has fallen back
to the professional room traders* basis of sell
ing on advances and buying on slight reces
t-ions. The tiieeulaiioa continued quite active
in £u»:ar cnu Manhattan, but even In these
the characteristics were professional In
Sugar «tt*nu.ti> were made to lift the stock
on the a&ttuif.ption that Cuban duties would be
remitted.' Manhattan was affected • by realiz
ing, but was lifted at one time a point over
yertcrday. Generally speaking, the' character
istic of the market was dullness. 'due to the
lack of outside Interest and the' discontinu
sjK-e of oblations by the ' larger speculative
interests. The tone leaned toward ¦ depression,
&s the lack of demand made the market vul
nerable to even light selling pressure. The
abandonment of the bull- campaign- in ¦ United
States ft*cl and the deftr* to await a better
defined status of the Northern Securities , Com
pany were e^ncral considerations - detracting
from speculative interest- Th«-e had been an
extensive sr*<-v1ation in Delaware- and Hud
son on a ccnfi<f»nt assumption that tb«.divi
dend <m the stock was to be increased. :' This
jifisumptlon we strengthened by. the action of
the New Jersey Central • dli*ctors ¦ in -Jumping
their dividend rates from 5 to « per:cenL. The
action of the Delaware and Hudson directors
to-day in If mil ine: the dividend distribution 'of
last year's profits to 7 per cent, to be dis
bursed quarterly, was therefore a keen dis
rppointment. as it represented no better return
than that or .last year. The .stock was sold
heavily, causing a break of 0 points, with an
influence on the whole market. The un
«tianp<>d dfvMfnd on Louisville and Nashville
•n-ae a'po a dlrpnpointment. .thouph Ina much
J«s* £tt**. The market failed entirely- t-»
rrepond to lh» promise of a favorable bank
ctatem^nt to-morrow, r TB(flJWMJ5?- ,¦' *""*«'• '• *
Tti". XnrivA TT-ark^t;:w»s .dull and • rather' Ir
rccul.^r. T«t<il saleg. . par, value. $2.R15,000.- -
United StPtes bonds were all unchansed en
the last call.-. .
XETV TORK STOCK LIST.'
Stocks — Sale*. Hl?h. Low. Close.
Atchieon -4S.700 78T* 77% 77^i
Atehucn D.'d .. 11,800 Wy> 8S% .7804,
EASTERN MARKETS. .-
Coinage of 'the Mints.
The coinage of the different- United States
mints last year xvas as follows:
Dcuble eagles $34,150,520 00
Ragles 46.ai6.160 00
Hslf eagles 21,:KM,2oO 00
Quarter eagles 22S.307 50
Sumdard dollars 22.5C«,813 O0
Half dollars 3.I19.92S 50
Quarter dollars 2,tt44,:>G9 25
Dimes 2.507.350 00
Five cents 1,324,010 C5
Cents :.. 79U»111 43
- — — — — — — —^^—
Total ..?m,C9.1,770 33
In 1900 .:137.59».4O1 34
'Exports in 190 1.
Exports by sea from this port in 1901 were
$41,294,320, afainst $41,179,700 in 1900. the
leading destinations being as follows: Great
Britain, $13,727,000; China. $5,498,330; Japan,
$:{,:571.X£O; Atlantic ports, $3,740,:i70; Australia.
$2.7r;8.O35: Central America, $2,2S3,«W; Spain.
$1.331.C40: New Zealand. $1,352,945; British Co
lumbia. $1.KC.C76: Mexico. $1,780,342: South
A-merica, $1,054,234; Philippine Islands, $947,-
Weather Report.
(I20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANXISCO. Jan. 10—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dJite as compared with those /of same date last
eeason, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This LaEt
Stations — - 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka "... 0 15.34 27.93
Red Bluff O lu.36 12. »O
Kicramento O 6.33 10. OO
Sin Francisco O ¦ 5.84 10. Cl
Fresno : 0 3.25 6.94
Independence 0 1.34 5.00
Pin Luis Obispo 0 4.56 ,20.5.1
Los Angeles , 0 2.46 7.86
6»n Diego ,.: o ¦ .77 2.45
Salt l-"ranc:si-o data: Maximum temperature
5-1. m'.nim'.-m 3f>, mean 46. .
The following maximum and minimum tem
ptnmm x\ere reported. from Eastern st£g*;as:
r»ston 36-2ti Omaha
CJncinnati 60 3^ Duluth 36-2S
I-hiladelphia 36-2S jChieago 50-r!2
JCew York 3H-.H) Salt Lake City. .. 30-2U
ICansas City 64-34 St. Louis 62 44
Jacksonville 6O-44 1 Washington 40-m
THE COAST RECORD.
E«in Krancievo temperature 7 a. m.. 46 degrees.
WE.ITHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
.FORECAST.
An urea of very hijh pressure overlies the
Rocky Mvunta!n region, extending westward
to the Pacific. This will probably move ci^t
«ar«i and b« fallowed by a general depression
irhieh may give general rain on the coast. A
modtrat* deprtssicn exists over the Mexican
frontier and It-ht rain has alreadr fallen at
Trnna. Cc&ditious are favorable for more rain
in the extreme tkiuth.
Frc-£t£ are likely to occur generally in Cali
fornia on Saturday morniac.
Forecarf made at San Francisco for thirty
bears enaint midiiight. January 11:
Northern California — Fair Saturday morn
ins:, t-louily j-i.tarda> afternoon and night.
j,n.fcably ia!n l-y Sunday: ligat northerly
winds. ch?.ns ins to fresh southeasterly.
Jyjutiierii <JiUrcrnia — Cloudy Saturday, pos
eihly Us; lit rein: light northerly winds, chang
ing i«> fccutherly.
Nevada — Fair Saturday: brisk to high easter
ly winds.
£3a Fraroisco and vicinity — Fair "Satur-lay
mr.rninp. rloudr in the afternoon and night;
il£ht northerly triads, changing to fresh east
cri;. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast OfflciaL
'CHICAGO. Jan. -10.— : As is customary Just
prior • to the publication of crop reports, hold
ers felt extremely shaky over the expected
announcement of the wheat yield for 1901.
Yesterday's', market ..was depressed over the
same nervousness and when the cable list was
lower at^the opening long holders ;let go in
large quantities. The bulk of the business was
done early and was mostly on the selling side.
May opened %@%c-to %c lower at 83%c to
8314c, and then rallied on buying orders at
times, and it . was . not long before It sold at
83c.' Trade grew somewhat quiet for a time,
but continued reports of the dry, critical condi
tion of the winter wheat districts and the rumor
that the crop report would , be ;' only for the
yield per acre, leaving, traders to guess at 'the
number of acres,' brought a fair reaction. May
sold back to~S3%c -and closed steady, un
changed at 83% 83 %c. -. - ' - .
¦ Corn : had much ; the * same market as wheat
In sympathy- with' that' cereal. May closed a
shade higher at 66%c. ." • •
I Oats were somewhat ' independent of the slt
: uation in the other pits, though the weakness
had a depressing effect. May closed %c lower
at 46%c.
Provisions .were dull,, but heavy, under the. In-.
fluence of a weak hog market, the grain slump
and selling of lard. May pork closed 10©12%c
down, lard 12%c lower and ribs 12%@15c lower.'
The leading futures, ranged as follows: •'."
Eggs are cheaper and going down every day.
They have probably touched their top notch
for this winter. Butter and Cheese show no
change. ¦
The Retail Butchers' Protective Association
has announced a price list for Meats, which
will be found under Its proper head below. All
Meats are much higher than the normal, and
some butchers say that they never will (ret
back as low as they used to be, owing to th«
increasing scarcity of livestock in the United
States.
, Fruits and Vegetables show little change.
Coal, »er ton —
Cannel $ — -®13 00 Southfleld
Wellington @11 00 i "Wellington S — -11' 0O
Seattle @ 9 00 Coos Bay... . — -© 7"00
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, .choice, sq50@55 Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good 40@45 dozen ...:. 30@T3
Packed, per lb..25@— Eastern Eggs 25@3Q
Cheese, Cal......l5@17 Honey Comb, per ¦¦¦¦-¦'
Cheese. Eastern.. 17@2O pound 15<j22O
Cheese. Swisa 20f n :;5 Do. extracted.. 8® 10
Common Egss.27i' : 'S.-;o
Meats, per pound —
Bacon 14@13, Round Steak ..W&\1V%
Beef, thoice 15@20 Sirloin Steak.. 12*3@l.v
Do. good 10® 12 Tenderloin do ...la® 17
Corned Beef ....10@— Poterh'se 10.17%®^ \ t
Ham 4...........15@17 Smoked Beef ...17®2u
Lard — ©13 Pork, salt ....1C#12%
Mutton 10®12»i Pork Coops 15®t8
Lamb V.. .;..... 12015 Pork Sausages. 12 Uftri 5
Pork, fresh ....12015 Veal ;..i5@l'O
: The San Francisco " Butchers' Protective As
sociation announces the following retail prices
for 'meats: '- »•-• - - • ¦¦••. ¦ ¦ >«- = .. » : ...... ...»
Roast ' Beef lb. .10@20 Soaat Mutton, . . . lOfinS
Tenderloin Steak. 15'rols Mutton Chops.l2Vi'ttl5
Porterh'se do..lS@2-J^i .Mutton Stew. . .. eaio
Round Steak... 10® 12 Vj Roast Veal TTMfcOZO
Beef Stew 8©10 Veal Cutlets ...15@-J0
Corned Beef.:.10®12% Roast Pork ..12%^15
Roast Lamb ,.12%@ls Pork Chops ....iZitlM
Lamb Chops *.12%@25
Poultry an'J Game —
Hens, each 5O®73l English Snipe.
Young Roosters, • per dozen... $3 00® —
each 50085 Jack Snipe 1750—
Old Roosters, ea.SO&eS Mallard palr...75cS$l
Fryers, each 50@65 Canvasback
Broilers, each . . .40(320 pair 73c3$l 23
Turkeys, per Ib.l8'g l 22 Sprig, per. pair. .50-375
Ducks, each 50® 73 Teal, per pair. . .25® 10-
Geese, each.. SI Ltxa I 75 Widgeon, pair Z3<a**>
Pigeons, pair 40<S50 Small Duck. pr. .25® —
Squabs, per pair.50StiO Wild Geese, per
Doves, per dz.— <J$1 25 pair 75c@$l 00
Rabbits, each... 15@20 Brant, each 253S5
Hare, each — @20
Fruits and N'uta — ~ <
Alligator Pears, , Grape Fruit, per
each 23SSO! dozen 75c®* 1 OO
Almonds 15®20 Limes, dozen — <Q 10
Apples ZW 5 Lemons, dozen.. .20^30
Pecans — fl20 Oranges. doz.....20@60
Brazil Nuts 20® — Pears, lb 8®12ii
Bananas, doz 15<@25 Pineapples. ea...30®5O
Cranberries, qt. .—©15 Persimmons, doz..— <?2O
Cocoanuts, each. — @10 Raisins, per lb. . 5^15
Chestnuts, per lb. 15-2J2O Walnuts, pr lt».12V. / ai5
Dried Figs, pr lb— «10
Vegetables —
Artichokes, dz..$l@l 50 Okra. dried. n>..— <?40
Beets, dozen 10@ — Potatoes, pr lb. .2«2>4
Beans, white, lb. 6<& — Parsnips, per dz.100—
- - - Colored, per lb. .V® — Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima. lb. . 6® S bunches 15S2O
Cabbage, each. . . 5 'a — Sweet Potatoes
Celery, head 5*Q— per lb.. ....... 23 3
Cress, dz bnchs.t20$30 Sage, doz bnchs.25^30
Cucumbers, doz.20@25 String Beans, per
Egg Plant. lb../.3<VQ— pound , 20023
Garlic 49 C Summer Sauash.
Green Peas. Ib...lO0 — , per pound .... O25
Green Peppers. lb— €25 Sprouts, per lb.. 3a a
Lettuce, per doz.J5&20 Spinach, per lb.. S&—
L«eks. dz bchs.. 15^20 Thyme, dz bchs.25330
Mushrooms. lb...50#75 Turnips, per doz. 100—
Onions, per lb.2%@3% Tomatots, per Ib.l5a— .
Fish-
Carp ...........— "310 Sea. Bass........ Q
Catfish ....12%9 — Smelts 013
Codnan 13«20 Solea 8©10
Flounders ....12%@ — Skates, each 8@10
Halibut — @15 Squid —Q—
Herrln* 8© — Tomcod VZVi'SXr,
Mackerel 15<@ — Turbot .-. 15^25
Do. horse-. . :..1O@ — Trout ft
Percb ' 8@10 Brook Trout — 3
Poroplno . ...75cQ$l 0*» WTiiteflsh 10©
Rock«vvi — B15 Clams, gallon 8©@ —
Rpckflsh —016 Do, hardshell,
Salmon, fresh . .20-323 per pound 3@10
Do. Fm-rked 15'o'J5 Crawfish — 4J10
Sardines 1C0 — Crabs, each 15^20
Shrimps — ©10 Mussels, quart. .. — @ 8
Shad ...:.10@ — Oysters. Cal. 100. 40<?rSO
Striped Bass 15@20 Do, Eastern,dz.25-§40
descriptions ; were .lower. - - Arrivals •; of dressed
Turkeys wera large, being • 74- cases. .-•:
Game '¦ showed no changes -a worthy, of note.
Receipts were 74 sacks.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. • 15«18c: Live
Turkeys, 12V>ff?13c for Gobblers and 13%@14c
for Hens; Geese. ¦ per pair,-$l 50@l 75; Gos
lings, $1 i5®-2; Ducks, $4 50®5 for old and $6
@7 for j^ung: Hens, $4@5; young Roosters.
! $1 50@5; old Roostera. $1@4 50; Fryers. $4^
4 50;. Broilers, $4@1 50 for large 'an* $3@3 50
for , small ; Pigeons ' $1 23«fl 50 per dozen for
old and $2@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per. dozen, 51: Hare, $1 25:
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard. $3@3 50: Canvasback. $3@4; Sprig.
$2(S2 25; Teal, $1 25^)1 50; Widgeon. $1 2.'xf?
1 50; Small Ducks. Si 25; Black Jack, ?1 25;
English Snipe; ?2;' Jack, Snipe. $1 50; ,.Gray
Geese.- $3; White Geese, $1^1 25; Brant, *1 50
@2 per dozen; Honkers, $3@l 50.
" Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another, decline 'in Eggs is ¦ noted. " The Ex
1 change reduced, Its quotations for ranch to 26
@2Sc, j and : the "'street , reported . 20c '.' about the
best price obtainable, though some small sales
at SOc were made.' . Everybody is afraid to hold
the goods,, and. some dealers report accumulat
ing stocks. •-.:.'
Cheese continues topheavy under large sup
plies. ¦ '¦-.,. .- - ;. : . ? •--
:". The feeling , in- Butter. Is rather firm than
otherwise," as stocks. of the best creameries are
light, - and were It not - for ¦ the- large lines of
storage goods still available better prices would
probably . now be quoted. - Humboldt - receipts
are falling off ,! but those ' from : Marln ' are in
creasing, so the net situation remains about
the. same.
Receipts were • 22,100 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 355 -cases of Eggs.
180 cases of Eastern Eggs, 11,400 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese. ' ¦ • . . ; :
• ¦. BUTTER— Creamery. 24@26c per -lb tor
fancy and r 20@23c for seconds; dairy, 17 %@
21c; store Butter. 14@17c per lb; Creamery
Tub, 20a; Pickled . Roll, 18@19c; Keg. 16©18c
per lb. - ,
CHEESE— New. ll%@12c; . old. 10@llc;
Young America, 13c per lb; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 29@30c for selected large,
27%@28c for good:. to choice and 26@27c for
fair; store, - 23@25c per dozen; cold storage,
20@25c; Eastern, . 20@26c .
, Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
¦ - , - * - • .^
' Four, cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, . $2 05@2 65; choice do,
90c@$2 45 ;, standard . do, • 45c@$l CO ; seedlings,
20® 65c; Tange/ine3,$l 45. The decline ln the
price 'of .fancy Navels was owing to the bet
ter , supply of this : description. . though quota
tions in the . open ; market remain unchanged.
¦ The steamer Pomona brought 1228 boxes of
Applss. There is a good ¦ demand for Green
ings, and they are becoming scarce.*
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50@i:75 per box for. extra.' 75c
@1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, 75c@$l 50.
PEARS — Winter kinds. 75c@$2 60 per box.
.: PERSIMMONS-:50c per box.
' CRANBERRIES 1 — Coos Bay, $2 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Orangea, 75c(S$l 50
for standards, $1 75@2 25 for choice and $2 50
@3 for fancy; Seedlings, ¦ 50c@$l ; Tangerines,
$.1250150; Japanese Mandarins, 75c@$l;
Lemons. 50c@$l for common and $1@2 for good
to choice, and $2 25@2 50- for fancy; Grape
Fruit, $103 ; Mexican Limes, $5i@5 50; Ba
nanas. f $1 -75@2 75 per bunch for -New Orleans
and ?1@1 75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@t
per, dozen. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Local houses are very well satisfied with the
situation and say that the market will clean
up bare before' the next crop comes in. The
feeling is.veryflrm and stocks are Ught. Busi
ness has been remarkably lively since the first
of • December. —•• — "
. FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard* to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples.' 79i@8Vic; sun-dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears. .-4%@8%c; Plums,
pitted. 4@5%c; unpitted,l@2c; Nectarines, 5@
5%o for red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 4c
for black and 606275c per box for white.
PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6@6%c; 40-5Cs. 4%@5Mc; 50-60's, 4U
@4%c; 60-70-8, 3y t @4%c; 70-80'b, 3%@3%c;
80-90' s, 2%@3%c: Do-loo's. 2%@2%c per lb.
. RAISINS— (Price per.20-lb box): Clusters:
Imperial. $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy. $1 75; 4
crown. - $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown. 6%c; three
crown, 5%c; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson.
Seedless, 6%c: Bleached Sultanas — FancT.
8%c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6%o; prime, 5%«
unbleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's
—Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; . choice, • 9c;
standard, 7%c; prime. 6%c. Fancy seeded. 7c;
choice seeded, 6%c; do. In bulk, fancy, 6%c;
choice, 6V>c per lb.
. NUTS — Chestnuts. ll@12c; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. U%c; No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 10%©12c for paper
shell, 9@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell ; Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c;
Cocoanuts. $3 50©5." *¦ ?<„¦.
a HONEY — Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10®
ll%c for light amber;. water white extracted,
5@Bc; light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c. -
I BEESWAX— 27 %@29c per lb.
Provisions.
: ¦ \ -
Chicago' was lower and weak, , and some of
the largest . houses were heavy sellers. ' The
cash demand was poor . and receipts of Hogs
were liberal. The decline was started by ths
especial weakness in January Lard, which was
25c below May. Liquidation at Chicago is re
ported increasing.
<This market continues dull and listless at un
changed quotations..
CUKKD MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%cfor light medium, 13%c for light,
14%c tor extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; California
Hams. 11 %c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per barrel;
extra Mess, $11@11 50; Family, $12@12 50;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear. $22 50Q23;
Mess. *1S 5O@l»; Smoked Beef; 13%@14c per
pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 11 %c; 10-lb tins, 12)4c; 5-lb tins. 12%c;
3-lb tins. 12%c. •
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel 10%c; thres
half -barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tlercea.
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops. ¦
HIDES AND SKIXS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 9c -for light:
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 9%c:
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 18@18%e; Culls and
Brands, 16c: Sheepskins, shearlings. UQ303
each; short Wool. 4',-Qt^Jn each; medium, C5&
75c; long Wool/ 80c@$l 10 each: Horse Hide*,
salt. $2 75@3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 75^2 for small and 5Oc for Colts; Horse'
Hides, dry. $1 75 for Urge. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1.25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, SOc; winter or thin -skins. 20c
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5%@6c per lb;
2io. 2. 4%@5c; crease.. 2%93c.
¦WOOL — Fall. San Joaquln. 6SSc; San Joa
quin Lambs'. 7%@S%c; Middle County. 8010c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, " 15@15%c; do,
fall. 14@15c per lb...
HOPS—OS 10c for fair and 11© 12c per lb
for good- to choice. Local dealers quote 10915c
for shipment.
San Francisco Meat Market.
, All quotations remain undisturbed. Supplies
are not large, but they are sufficient for. the
demand. ' '
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . .
BEEF— 7%®Sc for Steers , and . 6}4@7c per
lb for- Cows.
• VEAL— Large. 7®8c; small, 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8®8%c; Ewes. 7®Sc per
lb. ...". - " . .
LAMB — 0@9%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 6c;
under 160 lbs. 5%@5?ic; sows. 20 per cent off;
boars. "30 per cent off. and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs.
7@8%c. ' '
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32@35c: Fleece. Twine. 7%®8c.
. COAL— Wellington. $9 per,' ton; South field
Wellington." $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay. . $5 50: Wallsend. -$8 50; Co-operative
Wallsend. $8 50; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and
$13 25 ln sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg
$15: Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in
bulk and : $17. in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions. SS 45 per 20C0 lbs and $8 50 per
ton. according to brand. ,
Harrison's circular sayte: "During the week
there have ¦¦ been the following coal deliveries:!
Three - from Australia. .7610 tons: .two from'
Washington, 4500 tons; two from Swansea, 4tiSi
tons: one from -Valparaiso, .1050 tons; one from
Norfolk. Va., 1025 tons; total. 18.SU9 tons. • The
first, week of •¦ this . year ¦ shows very ¦ light ar
rivals, although the demand is brisk for - both
steam and : domestic ; coals, principally the lat
ter/ . as " the cold .. snap we ' are ¦ now passing
through . forces housekeepers ". to keep . their
grates and « heaters going full blast. • Retailors
are complaining of .the difficulty to keep' their
trade supplied with house coals, as good grad«a
are in very light supply, which Is plainly evi
denced when a cargo arrives, as the coal teams
reach out for block? awaiting their ' turns fo
a load. . It is needless to say that all our fac
tories are fully supplied with fuel, as same
is needed and • in quantities to suit — I refer to
those, that are utilizing fuel oil to producn
steam ' energy.' ; My annual report Issued la* t
week i shows ¦ only a decrease 4n . the consump
tion of coal for 1901 of about 3 per cent What
position , would we have . been . in if consumer*
had not. converted their plants into oil as we
would have ' needed at - least 1,000,000 ""tons of
coal to • make good i what oil had displaced
Famine prices would have . prevailed and In
dustrials would have 'suffered in <. nn .a~,,..,...
i NEW YORK.'v Jan. lO.-f-The; following table,
compiled by^ Bradstreeti,-'show3" the bank clear
ings at all jrinclpal.'.cltles.; for the week ended
tf, with the. percentage of increase and
[decrease", aiT-toinpafed ywith the,, corresponding
week last year:: !'/.'¦ 7^. ¦;' . ••.:.-_•
1- ;¦,.¦' ' . . Percentage.
; Cities — : • •'• - - : -Clearings.- . ' .: ¦' Inc. Dec.
New York... $l.S9t>, 726,706, : 2.2 , ; ....
Chicago ...:...... -1S5,1O5,939 t 21.9 . ....
Boston \ ; ..." 147,207,834 ,,,;.-.'. . - 8.0
.Philadelphia'^ ¦.;¦.:, .131,856,224 13.9 ....
St. Louis....!...'. 7 00.291,650 50.1 ....
iPittsburg . '. . .*. .". . ' 49,129,312 36.3 ....
• Baltimore . ...... 29,875,522 15 . 9
San Francisco:... 26,682,100 .22.8 ....
¦Cincinnati.-..-. 23,164.850 12.5.
Kansas -City.: . 21.9U3.105 2S.2 ....
Minneapolis 15,156,582 35.2
: Cleveland ......"..¦ 16.344,452 13.5 ....
New Orleans 35,690,050 18.9 ....
Detroit. ........... 15,374,110- 47.5 ....
Louisville ; 11, 144; 530 19.9 ....
Indianapolis ..... 13,455,142 53.1 ....
Providence S.6.i«,700 23.7 ....
Omaha. 7,884,990 12.1. ....
Milwaukee • 8,730,834 ' 29.4 ....
Buffalo. - 7,154,382 , 7.2 ."...
St. Paul '6,432,647 5.0 ....
Savannah ,-- 4,912,361 16.3.
Denver .......... : 5,412,396, 19.8 ....
St. Joseph........ -5,759.182 42.7 ....
Richmond 6.2213,258 31.0
Memphis \ 4,517,821 ..;..
Seattle ...:....... '3,203,293 : 52.2 ....
Washington ...'.. .3,780.620 12.4 ....
Hartford 4,657,155 44.3 .....
Los Angeles 4.858,023 64.6 ....
Salt Lake City... R.195,274 33.7 ....
Toledo 3.029.534 20.4 ....
Portland. Or..... '2,783,454 1.0
Rochester :5.653,:JS9 30.3 '.:..
Peoria 1.129,014 .... ....
Fort Worth .. 3.300,486 5.7
Atlanta • 3,355, 1»7 27.7
Norfolk • 1,75.5,814 7.2 ....
Des Moines....... - . 2,219.9:^! ¦ 1.1 ":
New Haven 2.1«7.W>" - ' 17.5 ¦
Springfield. Mass. V 1,883,839 20.3 ....
Augusta 1,450.071- 2.7 .....
Nashville 2,l83.oe9 is. 5 ¦ ....
Worcester ; 1,873,051 34.'5 ......
Grand Rapids 1,908.008 , 14.1 ....
Sioux City . 1.803,911 . 34.9 ..;.".
Dayton. O. ....... • 1.7!)0,C60 30.6
Syracuse ......... 2,085.291 32.0 ....
Scranton 1,543.360 - . ;...
Portland. Me 2,13S.8O4 40. S ':' ....
Spokane .1,572,101 45.1 ....
Tacoma 1,399.658 : ,'V 7.9 ':...
Evansville ...... ,1,082,148 19.2 ....
Wilmington. Del. 1,373.116 25.7 ,...
Davenport 1,796,591 38.8 ....
Fall River 1,101,219 29.8 ....
Birmingham 1.290.750 " 13.5 :,..
Topeka 1.4B9.294 20.7 ....
Macon ........... • 810.000 1.6 ....
Little Rock .1,184,497 49.0 ....:
Helena 753,847' "67.4 ' ....
Knoxville 8.19,384 11.9 ....
lV>welI ........... 612.041 .... 4.5
Wichita 759,182 66.0 ,....
Akron «»1.200 "• , 11.4 '
New Bedford 541.123 5.7 ,...
Lexington 62{,061 18.9 ....
Springfield. 111.... 647,474 26.3 - ...:
Binghamton ..... 475,100 18.1
Chattanooga ...'.. ¦ 650,554 24 < 5 ....
Kalamazoo ...'... 45f».105. 16.1
Fargo .. ..... 4fi6,fiO2 ;....... ' 6.4
Younytown • «09.S2l ' 62.4 '. . ; .
Springfield. O 410.203 12.6 ....
Rockford . XM.0S2 12.8 V.Y.
Canton 440.000 4S.1 ¦?- ....
Jacksonville. 42S.104 46.0 ...;
Sioux Falls, - 305,000 .41.8 ....
Fremont - V. . .". 218,411 52.8 . - ' .". :.
Bloominpton. 111.. . 413.224 30.5 ....
1 Jacksonville. 111.. 237.823 10.7- • ...'.
. 'Columbus. O..... Jt.n-11.500 46.4 ....
; 'Galveston 8,fi0«,0Ci0 ..".'. . -....
•Houston ".. 14.20S.719 41.5. ....
Springs. 970.273 21.0. ....
tWheeling. W. Va. 1.121.750 ....
tChester 402.823 ...V
i tWHkesbarre 994.704 .... .
! AJbany -.•.:..:..-:-. 4,311.511 ¦ : \.v:
' Beaumont ....... 7>~:',.'.>7>1 .... ....
i Totals. C. S....$2^1«.461.S37 ' 6.4 ..":;
Outside New York 917.735.191 16.5 ' ....
-: CANADA:''-- '
Montreal-.". r».8»7.119 ' ».l ....
Toronto 17.8R4.O53 7.4 ....
Winnipeg ........ 4.622,230 85.6 ' ....
Halifax 2.3R4.92G 21.8 ....
Vancouver. B. C. 1,057,678 13.2 'jV.T.V
Hamilton ........ . 1.136.192 15.2 ....
St.. John,N. B... 03R.S14 . 13.6 , ....
Victoria. B. C 946^S2 57.6 ....
tQuebsc .......... 1.510.607 .:; .."..
Ottawa ;..'... 1.946,753- .....:!' ....
Totals. Canada. $40,877,460 / 14.4' * ....
V- *Not included in tctals -. because containing
other items than clearings. tNot Included in
totals ' because of no comparison for last year.
. Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days ..... -? $4 84%
Sterling Exchange,' sight.'. ..... — 4 87%
Sterling Cables" : . — . ; 4 **S.%
New York Exchange,/ sight.". .. — . 07%
New York -Exchange, telegraph — . .10,,,
Silver, "per ounce .:......::,— ¦ ' 55%
Mexican Dollars ". . ... . . . . . . 44% @ 45
¦ Wheat and Othejr Grains.
WHEAT— Foreign ; futures were lower.
Chicago declined , from' 83%c to 83c, but re
covered - to 83%c. ¦' There " was • a large trade.
The feeling was ¦' unsettled, '• but there was . no
lack of buyers.- New York sold ;freely: and the
bears hammered the, market. The country de
mand ' seemed satisfied and the.' professionals
would not buy prior to . the Issuance; of ¦ the,
Government report. The market.", however, was
full; of buying orders . at 1 83c. The 'local croVd
were all sold out or short. .'.There 'was -heavy
buying at St. Louis. : Minneapolis reported the
demand for flour how very poor, with ¦. talk of
closing down mills. Exporters everywhere held
off. 'Corn is being shipped Into Wichita, Kana.,
for feed. , The - Kansas farmers are ¦ feeding
¦wheat to stock and there Is not enough there
for animals and : human food. ' Bradstreet's
gave, the exports for the . week at 3,567,000
bushels. . :
In this market futures were lower and ship
ping Wheat 'was weak. >~
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 06%@l 07%; mill
ing. $1 08%@l 10 per ctl.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— May— 2000
ctls, $1 11%; 2000, $1 lOTi : 4000, *1 10%.
Second Session— May— 6000 ctls. $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 10,000 ctls,
$1 10%; ' 6000, j- $1 10%; December — 4000.
$1 11%; ' 12,000,' $1 11%. i
Atternoon Session — May — 12.000 ctls; $1.10%.
' BARLEY — The market is steady enough, but
quiet. Holders are firm. " ' ¦- -'*
Feed, 83%@85c for choice bright, 81%@82%c
for No. 1 and 80c for oft grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 87%@90c; Chevalier, 8oc@$l
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session- 1 -©: 15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, 85c. ' . ' . \ ,
' Second Session — No sales.
• Regular Morning Session — No , sales, f • ,
Afternoon Session— No . eales. : . ••. '>..
¦ OATS — The -market rules .very .'Strong and
any improvement, in the demand '.would prob
ably advance • quotations ' Immediately. . Offer
iiiga are ample, however, as far as Immediate
requirements are . concerned. ¦. • •
At Chicago July deliveries were firmer. None
were offered and the crowd was short and try
ing to cover. : Grays, $1 20@l l 27%; whites,
51 20®l 40; Surprise, $1 40@l 42%; black,
$110@l 20 for feed and $1 20@l 30 for seed;
red. $1 25@1 35 per ctl- for feed and $1 32%<8>
1 40 for seed. .. - ... ' . .
CORN — Chicago was weak. There was some
increase ln country offerings. Ttfe cash de
mand was poor. Omaha worked 15,000 bushels
for the south. • ¦ ¦
This market continued dull. Large yellow,
$1 37>/&@l 42%; small round do, $1 45; white,
$1 30@l 35 per ctl. - . . -
RYE — Continues in light offering: and firm at
82>/>@85c per ctl. -
• BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 . per ctL •
Flour and Millstttffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50@
3 75, usual terms: Bakers' Extras; $3 40@3 60;
Oregon, $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3^
,3 25 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers'. $3@
3 25 i "-.'-•' ' -
; MILLSTUFFS — Prices ln • sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount. to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat » Groats. $5: Hominy,
$404 25; Buckwheat Flour, *4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. |3 25; Rolled Oats ' (barrels), $6 85fr
8 35; in sacks. $6 50@S: Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas; $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay continues firm at the improved prices
and receipts yesterday were smaller. It Is
purely a weather . market now, and a soaking
rain would cause an easier feeling, while fur
ther dry weather will probably cause another
advance. -J 1 ,.• : ;.-.-;.
Bran and Middlings hare again gone tip 50c
per ton.
BRAN— *18 501319 50 per ten.
MIDDLINGS — $19 50*521 per ten.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $1531S 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@2S; job-"
bins. $28 5U@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20<?21 ; Corn
Meal. - *31@31 50; Cracked Corn, |31 60@32;
Mixed Fefd. $16 50017 50.
HAY— Wheat. $3-gl2 ; " fancy. $12 50^13 ;
Wheat and Oat; $9@12 50; Oat, $8 50@ll 50;
Barley and Oat, $S@10; Alfalfa $8@10; Clover,
$6 50@7 5O; Volunteer. $6©8 50; Stock.. $6®
7 50 per ton. . . . . _ . . . .">..»
STRAW — 30@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The few. shipping orders coming In are suf
ficient to keep the Bean market steady, . while
much 'Increase would doubtless result In ad
vanced quotations. :" ¦ .'. •-.¦¦-.'
¦•' - BEANS— Bayos, . $2 50@2 60; Small White,
$3®3 25; Large White. $2 90@3 10: Pea. $3 50
@4:'Pink. $2@2 20;. Red, $2 50@3; Blackeye
$3 5003 tT>; Limas. $4 50@4 65; Red Kidneys
$3 50@3-75 per ctl.. ; -. ¦ ¦¦ ¦ . \; ¦ .
SEEDS — Trieste . Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard.- $3 25@3 60; Flax, .$2 40@2 CO; Ca
nary. 3%#3%c for Eastern; -Alfalfa, from
Utah, '8%c; Rape, lH@l%c; Hemp, 3%c per
DRIED PEAS— Niles, :.$1 25@1 65; 'Green
$1 25@1 50 per. ctl. ." : -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦-. ; Potatoes rule firm. They', are well ; cleaned
out of ' growers' hands • In "; the , most . Important
River, districts, . and : the holders who now con
trol,them are very firm in; their views. Higher
prices are expected to rule for the next arrivals
from Oregon. . • v •
'-i A' car of Sweets sold ; at-$l 15,an advance
These goods are in light supply. •-, .".-. ,; ¦. • - '
t The: feeling in Onions was firmer again yes
terday.and some sales at. $2' were reported
. Peas ' and hothouse Cucumbers were in' larger
supply,* but String, Beans were not as nlentlful"
¦ t l POTATOES-OOc^riO tor- Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks,* $1 30@l 65-Ore
gon ; » Burbanks. v $1 25@I: G5; Oregon Garnet
Chiles. - $1 40@l . 50 ; .; River - Reds, $1 , 45@1 ,"S ¦
Early Rose.- for seed, fl 05@l 25; Sweets $1 15
for Merced.-- : , . \ , , .' "
--ONIONS— $1 50@l 75 per ctl : . Oregons. ' $1 50
@1 90; Green Onions, 40® 50c per box • - • •
•.VEGETABLES— Green Peas -from-'Los An
ff^fVi/ ® 5< U rins B -fl ns from Los- Angeles,
10@17%c;.- Cabbage., •IOiS'SOc per ctl; -Los An-
geles -Tomatoes. "U75c@$l 25 : per < box and 75c@
$1 75 per. crate; Dried Peppers,^10®12%c- per
I lb; ; Los Angeles do,, 10@18c; Dried Okra 12%@
! , 15c 'per . lb : Carrots, , ,%<g;50c per Eack ¦ ¦ Cucum
bers - 50<S75o r hothouse do.' 50c@$l 25 pW dozen ;
Garlic,^ 1V4@2%c;Lo3; TAnge.les Greeny Peppers,
12%@15c; ; Eggrpiant from'Los Angelesi 15©
! 20c:. Summer; Squash from Ixjs Angeles, 7.-»c®
$1 oO; Marrowfat Squash. ; $S@io per ton; Hub
bard' Squash, ,T?8@10; : Mushrooms, ; nominal.- '.
Poultry and Game., Wu
- - .The ; seventh -_ car . of. ,-" Eastern Poultry .' this
.week was put on. .' Local, Poultry-,was. not as
firm as ; it " has .' been and quotations ' for.' most
NEW YORK, Jan. ; 10.— FLOUR— Receipts, '
24,272 barrels;, exports, .3614 .barrels. ¦ Firmly
held, with a fair trade at old prices.
WHEAT— Receipts, ; 12o,50P bushels. - Spot/ 1
steady; No. 2 red, 90%c f. o. b. afloat; No. ,2
red; 02%c elevator; r No. 1 Northern Duluth,
8»»l3 f.'o.b., afloat; No. ; 1 hard >Duluth, 96c
f. *o. b.i afloat. . Options opened -easy and de
clined under continued liquidation. Talk of, a
bearish crop ' report, ¦ lower cables and cloudy
weather • ln the Southwest also , had an ¦ Influ
ence."; I In the afternoon,-, however,- liberal cov
ering led to a sharp . rally , and the market
closed firm 'at unchanged prices. March* closed
at 89%c; May, 87 13-lG@8SV.c, closed at 88%c;
July, S7%@S8%c, closed at~88%c. .
HOPS— Steady. . . . V ¦ .; ;
HlDES-^-Firm.
-WOOL AND PETROLEUM— Dull." .„.;':
SUGAR — Raw,. weak; fair reflninz, 3c; cen
trifugal, 06 test,;3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined was quiet. • ' ;- ¦'.
COFFEE— Spot ¦„ Rio, quiet; No. : 7 Invoice,
6%c; mild,- quiet; Cordova, .7%@llc. FuHures
closed steady. Total sales local amounted to
49,000 bags,, including: January,: 6.35@6.40c;
February,- 6.40c; March, 6.45@6.50c; April,
6.60c; May, 6.60@6.65c;JuIy, 6.85c; September,
6.95@7c; October, 7.05c: December, 7.20@7.25c.
' '¦' * . DRIED 1 FRUITS. * ¦ . ' •
EVAPORATED APPLES — The general tone
of evaporated ' apples was steady, prices re
maining at the previous level. Business proved
light In all grades. State, good and common,
7@8%c; choice. 9%@10c; fancy, lO^Ollc. :
California dried fruits maintain a firm posi
tion, but are having a. slow movement. - .
. 'PRUNES— 3%@7c. ¦;.--.• - - •¦'-¦
APRICOTS — Royal, 10g:l4c; Moorrarlc, 8%
@13c. • • ¦ >¦•¦¦;• . x :,.",'
PEACHES— Peeled, lC@20c; unpeeled, 7^@
12%c. ¦ . ' •;' /;. :-;,; ¦ ;. '
Chicago Grain Market.
Baltimore & Ohio. . 4,000 -104% 103U 1O3»4
Baltimore & O pfd. ;400 07 06% 96
Canadian Pacific .. . 700 114% 114Vi 114%
Canada Southern .. 4O0 86 85%- 85^4
Chesapeake & Ohio 300 ' 4B% . 4BMs " '40%
Chicago & Alton... •', 100 35 V* . 35V 4 > :«SH
Chicago &.-Altn pfd 500 70%" 76^ 76%
Chicago Ind & L.. 1,100, 61^' 50% - t 50V<!
Chic lnd & L pfd.. 400 - : 76>4 , 76- ; T6
Chicago & East 111 . ....... - 135'^
Chicago & Gt West. - 1 2O0' J 23% '. 22% 22Va
Chic. & G W A pfd ' ¦- .... .'84
Chic & G W B pfd. .... ." ;' . . . . . . . . . - 45 '
Chic & North westrn 500 210 20!). . 207 '
Chic R I & Pacific. 1,!>00 156^ 155»i ¦ 155^
Chicago Trm &. Tr 500 17 17 . 10&
Chicago T & T pfd. .800 ' 32 1*31% " 31Vi
CCC&St Louis.. . ' 400 • IMi'/J Wilt ¦ 05?i
Colorado Southern./ 4,700 15V* 14 % ' 14 »i
Colorado So 1st pfd. SOO ' CO*i tS0>4 UO .- ¦
Colorado So 2d pfd. 700 -^2K?i 2S'/i 2t>Vf
Delaware & Hudson W.700 17U>4 173^ 174H
Del Lack & Westrn 700 257 255 254
Denver & R Grande .:... .... .... 4-iVi
Denver & R G pfd. 400 «2 . »1% 91
Erie 19.800 42" 41% 41 VI
Erie 1st prd ....:.-¦ 4CO 7J% 73Mi .73><<
Erie 2d pfd.-. .. , 2,300 ' 60»4 59% 59%
Great Northern prd \ »«0 186% 185 186
Hocking Valley..:. • 400 00 C8% 68
Hocking Valley pfd 400 83% 83%- »:J .
Illinois Central .... 200 139% 139 139
Iowa Central '.. 38%
Iowa Central pfd..- .....' ... : - 72;
Lake Erie & \V'est. ,'..... ¦ >.'.. -69
Lake E &. W pfd.. ...:. .... 12B
Louisville & Nash. ' 4,600 106 ' 105% • 105%
Manhattan L '. 38,200 140 138-% 13S%
Metropolitan St Ry 2,400 163% 162% 162%
Mexican Central ..1,600 27% 27% 27%
Mexican National.. 1,400 15. 15 14%
Minn &. St Louie.. 100 '100% 1O«% *¦ 106%
Missouri Pacific .. 6,900 102% 101%. 101 %
Mlbsouri Kns & Tex 300 . 25^ 25 . 24=.
Missouri K & T pfd 200 52 51% • 52
New Jersey Central ..:.;.... .... 192
New York Central. . 8,900- 185U 164% '.165^4
Norfolk & Western 2,300 -57' . 56% .56%
Norfolk & W pfd.. " 200 " »2?i ' 92% ' W2%
Ontario & Weetet^i. 4,000'- 34% '34 ¦ 34%
Pennsylvania 8,400. 14i)% ¦ 148% , WSTii
Reading ......60,300 50%*. 55%- 55%
Reading 1st pfd...; "• "3,300 82 . 81^i 81%
Reading 2d pfd.... '1,300 64>i 63 62 7 i
St Louis & S F 5,100 . 62% : 61 .62
St L & S F 1st pfd "86 '
St L & S F 2d pfd. " 3.100 • " 73% 75 75%
St Louis S western. 300 " ' 2H% -¦ 20% 'M\-
St Louis Swest'pfd ' 900 5S 57ii "' 57"' •
St. Paul 200.400 104 >i'- 162% 16::
St Paul pfd ISO
Southern Pacific... 18,400 COVi -59% 59%
Southern Railway.. 13,200 . 33% 32"|, 32vi
Southern Ry pfd.. 4.500 .94, 93 93>i
Texas & Pacific... 200 3a% . 30% 39
Toledo St L & West ¦' 100 19 19 ¦ . 10
Tol St L, & W pfd. 35
Union Pacific ..... 57,400 102% 101% 102
Union Pacific pfd. 1,900 89% 89 sa 1 ;
Wabash 1,000 22% 22% 22%
Wabash pfd 4,200 42 vj, 42% 42%
Wheel & Lake Erie. 400 1S% 18 18%
W & L E pfd «OO. 30 ,2a 29.-
Wisconsin Central..- 200 -20% '20 ' 20*1
W^is Central pfd.. 900 ' 41 • 40ii 40V.
Express Companies — ' ."J . * ;'• . - T
Adams ............ .... 200 ;
American! '.-.. . 210
United States'..:. 900 106% 104* 104
Wells Fargo '. : V... ..'. . 190
' Miscellaneous—
-Amal Copper ... :. 19,500 70% C9«i (&%
American C & F.. 400 29% 29% 20-i
Amer C & F pfd.. WO go 80% 80%
American Lin Oil. .'.... .... -.... 15
Amcr Lin Oil pfd. ..... 4;{
Amer Smelt & Ref 3,500 . 45% 45 45>&
Amer S & Ref pfd 800 97 07 96^-
Anaconda Min Co. 700 -.30S 8 30 U ;mj%
Brooklj-n Rapid T. . 5.70H 67. 60 66»,i
Colorado Fuel & I.. l.OOO 86 8314 ' 8514
Consolidated Gas . . 500 216 T g 2io>. 2 216'*
Continental Tob pfd 2,100 117 115^ 115'
General Electric... 100 280 2.S0 - 278
Glucose Sugar 200 41% 41% 41%
Hocking Coal .... .... 15 7 *
International Paper 200 20% 20% *>OU
International P pfd 200 73% 75i.i 75C
International Power ' '87
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit .. 400 55U 44% 44%
National Lead ...... .'. J53;
National Salt 28
National Salt pfd. ...... <;i
North American . . SOO 01 % f»0«4 V* '
Pacific Coast ...... ' 100 - 73»J 7.TU - T-»
Pacific Mail .. -700 47»i 47 47
People's Gas 1.700 102*1 iri2«i Ill2'i
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 41 ' 4l' 40 -
Pressed Steel C pfd . 200 S4U St jej .
Pullman Pal Car ..-*. 215
Republic Steel POo " ifi^ \e,v. my..
Republic Steel pfd 100 . «»% f&v. «s%
Sugar r.l.HOi 123*4 121»1 12214
Tenn Coal & Iron. " 500 -64 6314 mil.
I'nion B & P Co " \-.ii.
Union B & P C pfd , 73 .
U S Leather ..... 401 11V if a: ijk
U S Leather pfd.. 5rt» Sl% Rl% Si
U S Rubber ...... 400 14 11 14
U S Rubber pfd...- 100 50% •»>% 5O
U S Steel.... 29.50O 4-":=4 4U 43
IT S Steel pfd...-. _" 19..TOO " S14% pi: - • a4«t
U-estern Union : 1.2OO »l > 00% »o5
Amer Tobacco .... 2.000 32'i- 31% 31S
Amer Tob. pfd.... 700 " 92=i '91 91 H
Total e*les 5^.400 Shares
CLOSING 'BONDS.
-C 8 ref 2s reg.:iCS%rL & N Unl 4s... 101
Oo coup ...:.-.10S%;MexCent 4s 8214'
Do 3iTreg .:..107%! Do 1st ine ....'32
' ••*><» coup 10Sii,jMinn & St L, 4s.lO3»i
Do new 4s reg..l33%M'K &' T 4s.... 08%
Do coup .......IS9«ii Do 2ds ./ $3(4
Do old 4s reg.llH.JN t Cent lsts ...IO2U
Do -coup .; U!*i( Do gen 3%s~. i 108"
Do 5s reg .....107%'n J-C%nt gen 5s.l33i4
Do coup ...... 1.17 ./i Nor Pac 4i 104 K
Atchison 4o..l0t \ Do'Zn... 74
adjt 4» .... »4%'Nor & W con 4s.lO2T;
Balto & O 4s.. ..103 jRead Gen 4s ..98%
Do 3%s ..... 95% SL4IM con 5s.ll7%
Do jC om- 4h....104% S L & S F 4s... J »6%
Canada So 2d« .'. . 1 10 - iSt L- S XV lsts. 97
Cent of Ga 5S...10S- { ' Do 2ds - 771.
Do lrt Inc 77 S A & A P : 4s." 87%
Ches & O 4%s...lO7 So Pac 4s .... 03%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84% 'So Ry 5s 120U
C B , & Q new U. 96% Tex & Pac lsts.. 119%
C & N con 7s....in3 lUnlon Pac 4s I04V4
C R I & P 4s... .105%' Do conv 4s : loTj^
C C C & S L g 4s. Utt%. Wabash lsts ¦ . . jiss;
Chi Term 4s.... 88% ! Do 2ds 114
Colo & So 4s..:. S2VA'.: Do deb B*:;' 67 U
D4R j G4......-,10H4 West Shore 4s :m%
Erie prior lien 4s. 100 Wheel & L E 4s (r>-
Erie Gen 4« 8»% Wis Cent 4s .7 ' SO
Ft W & D C lsts.107% Con Tob -4s!. 60%
Hocking Val 4%slO7% ....... 00%,
.NEW YORK MINING; STOCKS'.
Adams Con ...... 20 Little Chief ' 10
Alice ............. 45 Ontario tIM;Is 50
Breece . . .... . : . . . 75 Ophir I ' S
Brunswick Con 08 Phoenix " ' n-i
Comstock Tunnel-. 5% Potosi ' —~fll2
<^>n Cal & Va....l 60 Savage .:" 06
Dead wood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada**"' IS
Horn Silver ..1 90 Small .Hopes ''''40
Iron Stiver .60 Standard .. ' '"rf 50
Leadxille Con 03' V*-
BOSTON - STOCKS. AND BONDS.
Money — - I Adventure ' iru
Call loans ...4%<S5Ullouer ...... Si7
Time loans... '.'.'. 4 %©¦« Amalgamated" '.'.'. K0"»!
Bonds— Ba 1 tic ¦£ P
N E Gas & Coke. 55% Bingham .. "24'"
. Railroads— _- Calumet & Heclk'fino' '
Atchfsan 7i % Centennial .. 12a;
Atchlson pfd 9«% Copper Ranee '" Br,
Boston &Albany.2(2 Dominion Coal " 5«
Bwton & Maine. .192% Franklin .. "'12V
B<,Fton Elevated. 160 Isle Royale "" 21 it
N.Y.'N H & H..211 Mohawk .. '"""Zklfc
Fitchburg ¦ pfd 177 Osceola * . . """ sit?
Union Pacific 101% parrot, ex div*" 23
Mexican . Central .. 26% Quincy ...:....-" 130 ."
Miscellaneous—., Santa Fe Copper 3
American Sugar.. 122- Tamarack ..: -250
D;m Iron & Steel 25% Trimountain : .15-
Mass Electric;.:". .14«I Trinity .... ' 14 Ij
Mass Elec pfd... 91, United States "riTi
N E Gas & Coke: 5 Utah . . . . 7 "22
UnUcd Fruit. .... 87% Victoria . . . : .'.'.' ' -5 ¦
U S Steel.... '43 Wtnona :...;....' u;
U S Steel pfd;... 94% Wolverine ...";'. 4Rtl
Minlnir— -
LONDON. CIX)SING STOCKS.- >
Consols for money 93% New' York Cent.. 170^
Consols for acct.93 3-16 Norfolk A 1 West '58%
Anaconda . ... ..7. 16% Norfolk & W'pfd. 73 2
Atchison .... R0% North- Pac pfd... 102
Atchlson pfd..... 104% Ontario & W««t.. 33
Freight rates from foreign sources are ver7
low, and importers have marked down asking
prices for colonial products, still they find re
luctant buyers, as the competition of fuel oil
is being keenly felt, which is still being offered
at very seductive prices."
OILS— California Castor Oil/in cases. No. 1.
70c pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
1 2c;. raw. ¦ 70c, cases. 5c more; Lucol. 58c for
boiled and 5Cc for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases. 9Oc;
China Nut, C5@12c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 63c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@50c per gallon ;
Fish Oil, barrels, 3"*ic; cases, 42^c; Cocoanut
OIL barrels, KP/ic for Ceylon and 5S£c tor
Australian. . . -
.COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. la bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral. 20c:
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 24o; Elaine. 23c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. 15c; in
cases. 21%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; tn ca363.
20'4c; 86-decree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; la
ca«es. 26%c. . . .
TURPENTINE— 61%e Der irallon la caaes
* n J?~5?* c ln drums and iron barrel*.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar RefininK Com
pany quotes, per 1b. ln ICO-lb bags:
Cubes, crushed and Flna Crushed. 5.05c:
Powdered. 4.00c: Candy Granulated. 4.00c:
Dry Granulated, 4.80c: Confectioners' A. 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.S0c: Beet Granulated (100
lb.basrs only). 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.4Oo; Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C. 4.20s: D. 4.10c: barrels, 103
more: half-barrels, 25c /more: boxes, COc more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. IIo orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels. 3.30c: boxes', 5.55c per 1b.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. JANUARY 10.
Flour, qr ska... 20.0401 Hops, bales «1
Wheat, ctls 53,344 Flaxseed. ska .. S3
Barley, ctls 7.985 Broom Corn.bdls 202
Oatea. ctls 1.175 Hay. tons .;... ,480
Corn, ctls ...... C50 Straw, tons .... 2S
Rye, ctls ...... 660 rMiddlings. sk3 . . 330
Sugar, ctls ..... 7.138 Brandy, gala ...• 2,100
Tallow, ctls .... 215 Wine, gals B5.2S0
Beans, sks 1,387 Leather, rolls... 142
Potatoes, sks ... 1.40O Lime, bbls 1S2
Bran, sks ...... ¦ 170 Pelts, bdls ..... 3O
Onions, sks 28' Hides, No 234
WASHINGTON.
Bran, sks 1,230/
NEW YORK/: Jan. 10.— R.' G. Dun,& Co.'i
weekly, review ¦ of ; trade I to-morrow will say : ~
•_;• With ' the -unprecedented } ; holiday '.- business
ended, ; transporting f acilitiep are : more nearly
adequate for. regular.- requirements. -" Merchand
ise . moves , to consumers - more • promptly and in
the iron I region there " is - less Interruption to
work because :, of Insufficient . f uel:>_
Reports "of .unfavorable .weather" in ; winter
wheat , regions stimulated prices andthere.was
further support : tn the : general resumption of
activity at flour mills, ¦ together with added in
quiry for. foreign account. Total -¦ exports of
wheat from • the United : States for the week,
flour included, were 4,170,262 bushels, which
fell short of the unusually - free- outgo of
5,159, 1 05 bushels >a ,year ago,' but compare
most satisfactorily considering: the 10 per cent
higher prices now,- prevailing. -The combina
tion of many of the supporting Influences took
quotations above ; the highest . point last year.
Corn was fairly well held In sympathy with
wheat, : but some soft >pots developed as was"
natural in view of : the fact that the • price is
now more than . 50 -¦ per cent higher than a
year ago, while : Atlantic exports ' for the week
were 212,941 bushels, against 4,543,142 in 1901.
Failures for the week numbered 373 in the
United;. States against .324 last - year, » and . 27
in Canada, against 37 last year. .'-,
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lozver. . Exchange as before.
Wheat futures lozver. Barley futures higher. -.
Oats and Rye very firm. Conv 'still. dull.: .
Bran and Middlings advanced jOc. <; Hay -very firm. •
Beans very firm, ~ with some shipping. • : . ' ; : ; :
Potatoes zccll cleaned up along i)ie. river and\firm.[
Some improvement in Onions. _ .VV :I':'"'t '.'¦'" '^'\ -•-'¦¦ r >'.^^§
Eggs continue to decline;} ¦Butter and \ Cheese aboutjhe-same.
Dried Fruit market in fine shape for '[sellers. . ..'*;/>«./*..
Provisions declining at Chicago and listless' Jte/e": - -- -
Meat market as before quoted. iS^'y ".. ...__- . ¦* . >
Seven cars of Western Poultry received this week.
Local Poultry duller and rather lower. Game [steady.
Four cars of Oranges sold at auction. . / >f
House Coals in brisk demand. Steam Coals weak.
Light trading tn local stocks and bonds.
Baltimore & Ohlo.l07V. Pennsylvania '..'.. 26'/j
Canadian Pacific. 117% Reading '......... 28%
Ches &Ohio......47?i Reading 1st pfd.. 41%
Chgo Great W... 2.5V.. Reading 2d pfd.. 32 >4
Ohgo. ' M & S P. . lC7?i Southern Ry . .~. . . - 33 %
Denver& R G... 44Vi So Railway pfd... 05%
Den,& R G pfd. ...94 Southern Pacific. <!1%
Krie ...... ... 42>4 IJhion Pacific 104%
Krie. Istpfd. .:.... 74% Union Pac pfd... »m
Erie 2d- pfd:. ,... (52" U. S'Steei. ...:..: 44fi
IIllnoiB Central... 142 'A V S Steelpfd. .. . . 07
Louisvl^t Nash..lO8V> Wabash ..:..". ... : 23
Mo. Kana & Tex: 26}i Wabash pfd. ..;.: 431/4
Mo. K & T pfd.. 54 Spanish fours..... 5G$t
Bar: silver, quiet," 259id " per ' ou»ce. ' Money, ¦
"y&V-Vi I per cent. . / •
The 1 rule j)f dlscounfln'the'open market for
short .bills is 3@3 1-10 per cent. " : r
The rate of discount- in the open .market for
3-months' bills is 3@3^s' per -cent. • • ".'• ¦:•'.: a,
P ¦ London Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's. London flnacial: cablegram says: •.. .
"The stock market to-day. was. dull and inact
ive, but things brightened upj at the finish,.es
pecially; South African • shares on Lord MII
ner's speech. , American stocks were sluggish
and' stagnation still gave- a little general sup
port. - Money ruled unchanged.-- A Cape, loan is
expected next week. It will be $3,000,000,
bearing 3% per cent interest and will probably
be issued at 1C2. . " ; : ' . " ¦;"¦ ¦
: New York Money Market. ,<y~
¦ NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— Close— Money on call
was firm at 4@5 per cent; closed bid and asked
at 4Vi@5 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 5@
h\i, oer cent. Sterling exchange was steady,
; with- actual business in bankers' bills at
$4 87%@4 87% for demand and at $4 84 %@
'4 84 Vi for sixty days ; posted rates, $4 85@
-4 88; commercial bills. $4 83%@4 83T&. Bar
silver, 55T£e; Mexican dollars, 44% c. - Bonds-
Governments, steady; States, strong; rail
roads, .irregular. \ " : > > .;
.Condition of the Treasury.
' WASHINGTON, Jan. 10. — To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in • the . general fund,
exclusive of the 8150,000,000 gold reserve in
the division of redemption, shows : Available
cash balances, $173,125,478; gold; $100, 724.S07.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
markets ¦ has -.been so • pronounced as. to -Induce
talk • of ; reshlpments ; of.- American wheat : from
Liverpool.'- ;:. - ?¦/ ';- ¦• -¦> ; ¦ .;, '-.,''
: ; ..Wheat , (Including ' floiir) exports for the week
aKgresate<>,CG7.710 bushels.'as against 4.S13, 475
bushels : last • week and < 5,001, C95 bushels in : this
week last. year."; - - - . ...
' Wheat export?, July 1. to date (twenty-eight
•weeks), -ng£rregate> - 153,314.271 ' bushels, , as
against 102,827,040 bushels 'last season.
Business, failures In the United States for the
week number 34G,- as against 270 last week; 322
in this week last year, 279 in 1000, 304 in 1899
and 323 In 1808. -- ¦ . » . ; . .:;_ .
; For the ' week . failures in Canada number, 32,
as against 25 last weck.f.30 in this week a year
ago, 28 in 1000, 48 in 1S90 and 34 rn 1808.
Nevertheless, it is a ,fact that casting copper
:hns.befin - 80ld';afllc,'. or'^c under "the quoted
rate . of ¦ 11 1 ,{.c. .. Electrolytic : is ;| quoted i at , 12c.
The " London ¦. market '¦ for . copper is ¦ 10s lower,"
closing, spot at £17? and. futures; at - £-17- 10s.'
. Tin was, Dld ; up 75 points to-day,; thus closing
the ; spot ; price Ait " 522 75@23. ,. . This ' was in re
sponse to : an. advance ." of £1- in prices for.pig
, iron 'at i London/ • though V the .' sales ¦ altogether
were only, nine, tons/ -Spat closed in-London at
£103 5s 'and futures at, £100 Is. (3d. •'
'¦: Lead- was i Is 3d lower in London,- closing: at
£10 Ss Od, , but the local market was^quiet and
unchanged at ' ?4. ¦':¦''¦¦ ¦'¦'¦:' ¦-.-•,- ¦",-.-* .- ¦ •-.-..
Spelter was quiet-but steady and. unchanged
here at ?4 40 aU home and en the Continent.
Two hundred tons were taken from New. York-.
', V Iron was > quiet ' here." ' Glasgow closed at -10s
2d and Middlesboro closed at 43s;10^d. Tig
iron warrants at $11012; No. 1 Northern foun
dry. $15 50@16; No. 2 Northern foundry, $15®
15 50; No.' 1 Southern foundry, $15 50@16; No.
2 foundry. Southern soft, $15@17. - „
New York Cotton 'Market.'
NEW YORK. Janl 10.— The ' cotton"' market
opened •' steady, ¦ with prices ; two : points ' higher
to two • points ' lower, and closed - quiet, '-' with
prices net : unchanged to three points lower.
Foreign Markets. ' .
LONDON, Jan. 10.-t-Corisols, ; 93 0-16; silver,
253£d; ; French rentes, 100f , 32 y.c;' careoes : on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, ¦ 30s 7V4d ; cargoes ..Walla Walla,
29a 6d ; '¦ English • country • markets/ - firm;
LIVERPOOL., Jan. 10.— rWheat,- quiet; wheat
in Paris, quiat: flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets/ quiet and steady. Weather
in Enjrlsnd, damp. - . ,
COTTON — Uplands, 4 17-32d/; V. \ .
Portland's Business.: -v ¦
PORTLAND, Or.,. Jan. 10.— Clearings, $444,
06S; balances, $73,338. v ' ', :
/ ; Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. '; . "
PORTLAND, Jan.. 10.— WHEAT— Walla.
"Walla,. 63®^;; valley, 64c; blue stem,; 65c. I
. . WASHINGTON.' -~ . ¦-.-'
TACOMA, '- Jan. ¦ 10.— WHEAT— Unchanged ;
blue, stem, -63c; ¦ club. .62c- ¦.-•."¦¦; \^-"J-C--.
THE ;SM::.FBM CJ SCCV; CALL; SAT UKDAyr^JA^UARYullv 1902.
Dim's '.Review of' Trade.
New -York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bank Clearings. .
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
'Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
barely steady; No,. 3 spring wheat, . 75% fiSOc:
No. 2 red. 87@88%c; No. 2 oats, 46%c; No. 2
white, 48»i@49c; No. 3 white, 48%c;.Xo. -2
rye, 67c; fair to choice malting barley, GOflCtc;
No. 1 .flaxseed. $162; No. 1 Northwestern.
$1 64%; prime timothy seed. $6 55; mess pork,
per bbl.. $16 75@16 SO: lard, per 100 lbs., J9 55
@9 GO; short ribs sides (loose), SS 30@8 40:
dry salted shoulders (boxed). 7%@7^c; short
clear sides- (boxed), $8 85@S 93; whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 32; clover, contract grade,
$10. ' ....
Articles — ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .T... .27,000 27.000
¦Wheat," bushels . . . ' G5.000 53.0O0
Corn, bushels ....149,000" -92,000
Oats,bcEhels '...... 7. ."...20S.000 166,000
Rye. bushels .....7,000 .......
Barley,- bushels 48,000 . - 29.000
¦ On- the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
narket .was steady: creameries, ' 15@24^2c:
lairies, ~: 14@20c;, cheese, steady. ' 10}i@U}ic;
:ggs, very firm, fresh, 30c.
'Foreign Futures.
10
Articles — . Open. . High. " Low. Close.
>" "Wheat No. 2— ' • '
January ...:... ..'..'¦..:.- .... ' '79%
May ...... 83*5 83% S3 ' 83%
July ........... 82%. 83»i 82# 83V4
Corn No. 2 — \ #
January '.. 621J 63 • 62Vi ¦ R3 '- '
May «6% ' 66% 63% 60*5
July 65% ' 66}& 6o»4 08
Oats: No. 2— x V... ;..- ;»>
May 40%' I-4CS 45^4 4614
July 41% 41% , 40%- 41V-
September 33%, 34 33»4 3.J%
- Mess Pork, per bbl— -
January- ... .... .... 1675
May ..... ..17 22% 17 25- 17 00 17 17*4
July 17 20 20 17 10 17 10
'Lard. uerlOO lt» — ¦ "
January ....... O 75 9 75 9 55 9 55
May... ...9 00 9 9214.9 75 9 80
July ....% 9 95 9 95 9 87% 9 83
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January ....... 8 So 8 35 S 30 8 30
May ...7... 8 75 '. 8 75 8 60 - 8 65
FTATIO
p
'XS..3
• <» " .
•1
2 2
3=23
; 5 • s
a
f-o
. 3
IE
• .
•1
¦ i
m
3"
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Poc&tello. Id
Independency.
L«os Angtles.
Phoenix
Portland. .. .
Ked Bluff. . .
Roseburfr. . .
Eacramento.
Salt Lake...
Fan Francisc
8. L. Oliispo.
Pan Diego. . .
Settle
Spokane".
Neah Bsy...
tValla Walla
IVinnemucca
Yurr.a...
...30.56
. ..3<>.;;s
...SU.12
. ..r.v.18
...W.i.%1
Ja.30.Jtl
...no. 22
...::j.«iO
. . .:su.2tt
. -.30.12
3O.I«
...30.14
. . .:;o. 4*.
co.:w.l2
>...3<l.OC
...23.38
...^lt.3«»
...^ij.62
... .311.22
a..3".00
...2».9«
54
46
44
54
44
48
44
> 5«
CS
7**
7O
54
44
. 42
54
74
62
50
42
46
40
4S
C4
34
26
18
40
4<>
It
22
— '>
42
38
34
36
4=
38
iO
?*
20
34
SO
24
44
XE Clear
NW Clear
XW Clear •
W Clear
TV Clear
E Ft Clfiy
SE Clear
NW Pt Cldy
W Pt Cldy
W I»t Cldy
K Clear
X Clear
NW Clear
SE Clear
SE Clear
X\V Clear
S Clear
S Pt Cldy
r<f . Clear
X Clear
E Clear
S Clear
XE Clear
N_« Oondy
0
u
It
«»
o
u
0
0
0
0
o
0
o
0
0
0
«
«
o
o
0
0
T
FTATIO
p
'XS..3
• <» " .
•1
2 2
3=23
; 5 • s
a
f-o
. 3
IE
• .
•1
¦ i
m
3"
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Poc&tello. Id
Independency.
L«os Angtles.
Phoenix
Portland. .. .
Ked Bluff. . .
Roseburfr. . .
Eacramento.
Salt Lake...
Fan Francisc
8. L. Oliispo.
Pan Diego. . .
Settle
Spokane".
Neah Bsy...
tValla Walla
IVinnemucca
Yurr.a...
...30.56
. ..3<>.;;s
...SU.12
. ..r.v.18
...W.i.%1
Ja.30.Jtl
...no. 22
...::j.«iO
. . .:su.2tt
. -.30.12
3O.I«
...30.14
. . .:;o. 4*.
co.:w.l2
>...3<l.OC
...23.38
...^lt.3«»
...^ij.62
... .311.22
a..3".00
...2».9«
54
46
44
54
44
48
44
> 5«
CS
7**
7O
54
44
. 42
54
74
62
50
42
46
40
4S
C4
34
26
18
40
4<>
It
22
— '>
42
38
34
36
4=
38
iO
?*
20
34
SO
24
44
XE Clear
NW Clear
XW Clear •
W Clear
TV Clear
E Ft Clfiy
SE Clear
NW Pt Cldy
W Pt Cldy
W I»t Cldy
K Clear
X Clear
NW Clear
SE Clear
SE Clear
X\V Clear
S Clear
S Pt Cldy
r<f . Clear
X Clear
E Clear
S Clear
XE Clear
N_« Oondy
0
u
It
«»
o
u
0
0
0
0
o
0
o
0
0
0
«
«
o
o
0
0
T
Articles — . Open. . High. " Low. Close.
>" "Wheat No. 2— ' • '
January ...:... ..'..'¦..:.- .... ' '79%
May ...... 83*5 83% S3 ' 83%
July ........... 82%. 83»i 82# 83V4
Corn No. 2 — \ #
January '.. 621J 63 • 62Vi ¦ R3 '- '
May «6% ' 66% 63% 60*5
July 65% ' 66}& 6o»4 08
Oats: No. 2— x V... ;..- ;»>
May 40%' I-4CS 45^4 4614
July 41% 41% , 40%- 41V-
September 33%, 34 33»4 3.J%
- Mess Pork, per bbl— -
January- ... .... .... 1675
May ..... ..17 22% 17 25- 17 00 17 17*4
July 17 20 20 17 10 17 10
'Lard. uerlOO lt» — ¦ "
January ....... O 75 9 75 9 55 9 55
May... ...9 00 9 9214.9 75 9 80
July ....% 9 95 9 95 9 87% 9 83
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January ....... 8 So 8 35 S 30 8 30
May ...7... 8 75 '. 8 75 8 60 - 8 65
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
5^P% AT '^""N
DASHAVAY STABLES, .13? SOHTU
SECOND STRfcET, SAN JOSE,
THIS DAY
SATURDAY, January II, cat 12 o'clock.
I will sell the contents of above stables, con-
sisting of 40 horses. 30 sets harness. 2 three-
seHters. 4 surreys. 40 buggies of all kinds,
blankets, robes, rafe, oftlce fixtures.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
Trains leave Third and Townsend at 7, 8. »
and 10:30. •Bernes O. Norton, office • deputy ; of the
United States . Marshal at ... Portland,
Maine, • arrived yesterday ¦ with twenty
three Chinese laborers who have been or
dered deported. They sneaked Into - tha
United States over the Canadian border. '
Chinese Deported From Maine.
Sutton was released i yesterday mominsr
on $2000 bonds and later in the day Lane
was released on -$1000 bonds, tho reduced
amount in his case being made by tho
Judge • with the consent of the special
prosecutor. Stickney, alias Fagenbush r Is
still in prison and will be kept there, as
Superintendent O'Nell of the Chicago po
lice has wired Captain Seymour that ho
will send an officer with the necessary pa
pers for. his extradition.
"Patsy" Carroll, Edward Sutton. "Walter
J. Lane and Charles Stickney , alias ' Fa
genbush, were instructed and arraigned
in Judge Cabaniss* court yesterday on th*
charge of grand larceny by trick and de
vice for swindling A. Miller, . the hotel
man from Nome, out of $1500 at faro in a
room In the Palace Hotel. They were rep
resented by Attorney W. S. Barnes, and
ex-Judge Ferral appeared as special pros
ecutor. By consent the case was contin
ued till to-day to be set.
PARO MEN ABRAIGNED
IN" THE POLICE COUBT
;r>iED:t :.
JONES— In ; this ¦ city, > January. 10.' . 1902." Rose
¦ Mario Jones,' beloved daughter of i Michael i J.
.. and Rose A. Jones,- and * elater; of James i H..
, 'Evelln ;.' M.' and • George . S.~ Joneg, a native of
:¦ San ' Francisco.*: aged ill months ¦¦ and « 10 : days.
- v C3"Friends and acquaintances, are- renpect
.. • fully invited to attend' the , funeral '.TO-MOR-'
'•¦ 'ROW : (Sunday)/; at 1 "o'clock- p.- m.': fromithe
¦^regjdence'of his parents, 'S0%:Rlngold utreet, 1
; , between -Eighth and-Ninth. ¦ Interment > Holy
•t ; Cross Cemeterv. ¦ ' • ¦ : '
Edward Russell, a sailor who formerly
lived with Mrs. Caroline McCarthy, " 230
Minna street, stole 100 books\ from her
house. They were the property of I. W.
Penne, a traveling man. -He sold half of
there i to a dealer at 704 Mission street, who
ifo Vfe? their value was; not mores, than
?18. The charge of, grand' larceny against
Russell was reduced to petty 'and he was
sentenced to serve six months ' In v- the
County Jail.
Stole a Hundred Books.
Who Owns the Cigars P
f John Quinn, who has served three terms
recently.* f or .• petty; larceny/ was - arrested
on - Montgomery ; , street • yesterday - after
noon • by^ Detectives . Dinan and ,Wreh' and
locked up in "the -tanks'.'. pending f urthe*
Investigation. He was driving- an express
wagon, which he hired at Fifth and Bran
non streets, and in lt'-wereS500 clgara'of
different i brands. A \ He 'said, he "got the' ci
gars: from, a, man_ at -Baden and brought
them to the city in a 'skiff tobe sold* The
detectives will endeavor to find .the owner
of 'the 'clgara.*,. ',::'.-
HOTEL 1 ARRIVALS.
• Customs : Inspectors : , Sackett.'l Benninger^
Carter, 'McDonald arid Head madeseveral
important Y seizures v of : smuggled goods
yesterday," -consisting "of T 1530 cigars,vl9
pieces of: cloth and 18 ; silk- shirts . on board
the r: German ¦..•¦£¦¦ steamer • Denderah :»' from
•Hamburg; r 2 . pieces of cloth * on | board j the
Ventura, and 2000 cigars, 10 silk 'caps and
three; silk i shawls). on iboard the City of
Peking.'- -:•¦';••'¦ '•,--,¦' ".;- : 0 : : : .." «>.?>
Seizure [ot Smuggled Goods.
Married at Martinez.
OAKLAND. Jan. 10.— John A. ,Massie
and V Mae ¦ Green,' , both , of .. whom are ' well
known in , theatrical circle?, went i to Mar
tinez last Monday and were -quietly mar
ried • bv ¦; Justice of i: the ' Peace Carpenter
of. that i place. .Massie, Is the. son of the
late Conductor, "Jack" • Massie, who . died
a few - weeks ; ago. . The ¦ bride is . . better
known '."by., her stage * name , of Felice ; Da
vis. ••¦:-, i iiniiftf* iukmIi 'ml
The trial of the contested election cases
was commenced In Judge MuraskyVcourt
yesterday. The seventeen suits were con
solidated to expedite matters. .It Is esti
mated that it will take months Iro 1 com
plete the recount of the vote cast at "the
last elecUon. In the ballots .counted yes
terday but few mistakes were discovered;
Most of the changes made during the pro
ceedings were due to the carelessness of
the voters in stamping the tickets.
Recount Commenced.
¦¦¦ SYDNEY.. NSW— Arrived -prior to. Jan 10-i-
Stmr_Miowera, • from Vancouver, via" Honolulu
ana I3rj£tiane. • ¦ ¦ . . , -; ¦ .. - ... ,
¦-, GENOA— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Hohensol-'
lern. .from York,, via Naples. " -
-i GLASGOW— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Sardinian,
for- Boston. ...:...: .:-, • .,..•
• >- MOVILLE— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr } Anchoria,
-f rom : Glaajrow for - New York ; « stmr - Coring
thian, from Liverpool, .for. St- John.- NB -
BOULOGNE— Sailed Jan 10— Htmr ,-Ro'tter
dam. from Rotterdam, for : New '* York.' -¦¦,¦':
> CHERBOURG— Arrived Jan . 10— Stmr Kron
prinz William, - from New,. York,' via" PIy
moutb. •' for ¦ Bremen; and proceeded. ¦-
OCEAN . STEAMERS.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Friday, January 10
Stmr Sequoia, Winkel, 80 hours from Grays
Harbor. ¦¦-.-• , _ ....
DOMESTIC PORTS. '
Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Elmore. for
Ti .lamooic. . . . . ...,-. ¦ . .
'Arrived Jan 10— Ger bark : Relnbek. from
Yokohama; . bktn ;Chehalis, fromSSan Fran
cisco. - ."'¦- ' , . . ¦¦¦-.. . >
1 . PORTLAND— Arrived ¦ Jan 10— Stmr G W
Elder, from San Francisco. • = » ¦ ¦'¦] ¦-
• SAN- DIEGO— Arrived Jan > 10— Stmr St
Denii, . from Eraenada; stmr State of Calif or
nia, from San Francisco.
ARRIVED.
Ensign James AV Hand Dead.
VALLEJO, Jan.' 10.— Ensign ; James A.
Hand.U.S. N., passed away, to-day in the
Naval '¦: Hospital ~ where '¦ he" was , operated
upon * for .' appendicitis » on :. Saturday. "He
was attached ' to \the * Philadelphia. -< Hand
was a native of 'South Dakota, ased 25,
and w"as appointed » to. the service from
that • State. .. , ..; •-,-.^, ¦.:-;-¦
;. Supervisor M.-II.\Payot uelivered an in
teresting lecture last, evening on "A Trip
Through : Spain'.' before the members ; of
the 'Alliance " Francalse "»at" Sherman : >&
Clay . Hall.' * During tho course of the < lec
turei beautiful: -spenes .of * Spain '.were
thrown. on thej^tfivas andMr.;Paybt was
listened to with rapt attention . and warm
ly applauded at the close of his discourse.*
I!. 1 -- H. Payot i Lectures on Spain.
Eloping Couple Elude; Police.
"OAKLAND, Jan. 10.— After eluding the
police Miss Belle M. Nickels of Los Gatoa
and Charles H. Park .of San . Francisco,
an - eloping ¦ couple, . have ¦ been married - In
Oakland. Relatives , of ' the , young woman
declare that she ,1s -only;- 17 -years old, and
that when Park secured the r license by
swearing that she was . of : legal age ¦ he
laid himself liable to; prosecution.- The
pursuing relatives tried to prevent the
marriage by calling in the police, but the
young people successfully evaded them. '¦
Favors Government Transports.
The Iroquois Club at its meeting last
night adopted a resolution condemning:
the Government's plan to turn the trans
port service over to a private company
as a step backward from the principle of
the acquirement of public. utilities. The
club also decided to suspend for five
weeks the by-law. regarding the payment
of an Initiation fee in order that the mem
bership may* be built up and new blood
brought into the organization. '
. NEW -YORK. " Jan. ¦ 10.— The " following
Callfornlans are In New York: < *
j From Sani Francisco— H. ''--BurtwellJ -at
the>GraJid -Union; W.* Mintseer and 'wife,
at the Victoria ; Mrs. 1 M. A. Wills, - at • the
Holland; G.'Flamm, 1 F. H. MacDonald, D.
M» Moses, at the Herald Square.' ,> . ;
From Los > Angeles— C. ¦ -MacKall," at ' the
Morton. v:V..\- .»•;¦•:*. '.- ; ¦ '" '";. • ' ¦*.'-. ¦¦-¦-.'¦ ¦ •• -
Calif ornians in New-.York.
Mrs. Arthur King, who took a dose of
corrosive sublimate on; New/ Year's ilay
in order to . frighten V her husband, with
whom she had been quarreling, died last
night at the McNutt Hospital. Mrs.- Kinc
did not intend to kill herself but wanted
to scare her husband. She lived .at \h?
Dunlap House on O'Farrell street.
Dies From Poison.
A horse hitched to a butcher's cart met
death last Jnight at the crossing of f Twen
ty-third ' and Mission streets/ >\ The animal
in its -mad 'flight ran against a trolley car
ot the Mission-street line and fell dead.
Fortunately - there was no * one Injured . on
the; car and. save" thej breaking of, .-the
front windows of the.car.no damage. was
done. Who- the . owner ,Vof the horse Is
was not ascertained: • ' . ¦ - r ¦
Runaway Horse : Killed.*
Selby C. Oppenhelmer.' who ."leased the
Clunie Opera-house , in j Sacramento I from
Thomas J.; Clunie, Is suing the latter for
an •annulment of J the lease on the groun-1
that 'the. building is unsafe and unfits for
the theatrical business. " He alleges that
Clunie misrepresented -to him the-condi
tion of the opera-house, and^fie askd tho
court to award him a verdict * for $5000.
the amount t- which it 'was agreed should
be paid in :¦ the ( event .. of i any of * the cov
enants of ' the, lease toeing broken. He' also
asks for interest . on\ $3000 : he deposited as
a. guaranty -when thpleaeo was made.' '
Claims Building Is Unsafe.'
Representatives of the various societies
of which John P. Henry was a member
met last _ night in IUbernla .Hall and
passed : a resolution expreesive of sorrow
for his untimely death and of sympathy
for his bereaved relatives. The societies
represented at the meeting were: Th*»
Ancient Order of Hibernians. Yours
Men's Institute. Mission Parlor of Wie
Native Sons of the Golden West, and San
Francifcco Aerie No. 5, Order of Eagles. .
Sorrow Over Henry's Death.
The preliminary examination of. Emii
Basso and Hans Miller on the charse of
robbing James C. Wilson of 2615 Leaven
worth street on January 6, on Powell
street, between Francisco and Bay, was
concluded before Judge Mogan yesterday
and the Judge intimated that he would
hold them to answer to-day. A similar
charge against them for robbing Robert
Pister of 1615 Lombard street on the night
of January 2 was dismissed, as Pister ad
mitted he could not positively identify,
them. '-. ../ \ ¦ . ¦¦¦
Will Be Held for Bobbery.
Stops Sale of Horses.
Dan (White Hat) McCarty. who is being
sued for $750 for pasturage by Thomas
Seale of Santa Clara County, appeared
before Judge Hebbard yesterday and ob
jected to the issue of an order of court
empowering Seale to sell the horses, the
cost of whose pasturage is being sued
for. McCarty furnished a bond for
$1^00. guaranteeing the payment of the
pasturage bill, which Seale accepted and
the sale of the stock was not ordered.
Three Ex-Soldiers Acquitted.
The. case of Frank D. Smith, Frederick
Maydell j and [ John Edwards, ' ex-soldlers,
charged : with grand . larceny. ,• was dis
missed by /Judge Conlani yesterday. > They
were accused- of trobbing Howard Smith,
another ex-soldier, at 11 Lafayette street,
of $80. It was shown by the evidence that
another ex-soldier, named Sagendorf. was
the » one who drugged ; and robbed . Smith
and' was to give him a discharge from the
army .as sergeant. Sagendorf had been
employed in the adjutant general's I office
In Manila., and, -It- Is suppo8ed, J stole the
blank forma. of discharge. - '
The second entertainment i'and , dance
given by the League Club at Odd Fellows'
Hall last evening was attended by a large
and Interested ; crowd. The opening, re
marks were •>: 'delivered by .. Ed v Shatter.
These were followed by a cornet solo by
A: Arrlola,* an artistic cakewalk by Mar
garet : Cronin ; and Irene Camina, female
impersonations by Constantino Belmont
and specialties by Elton Lambert. A'bus
lesque — "Romeo : and : Juliet"— followed.
The performers were Prank Ai. Gibson. -J.
E. McCormlck and Robert Grennan. The
piece was cleverly presented and elicited
much applause. A dance concluded i the
evening's fun. \ . -
League Club , Gives a Dance.
Charles Edelman, husband of Hannah
Edelrr.an. who died last month leaving an
estate worth $20,009. apt-pared in Depart
ment 9 of the Superior Court yesterday
and protested against the probate of his
wife's will on th<* grounds that he was not
¦erred with a Jpgal notice that the docu
ment was to be probated and that the
court had no Jurisdiction. Mr«. Edelman
Jeft her husband only $100. giving the rest
of her estate to Mrs. Minnie Whttmore. a
daughter, who resides at Portland, Ore
gon.
Objects to Probate of Will.
It is privately admitted that the dele
gates will not reject what they call "any
fair offer of terms." If the negotiations
are started by a neutral power the dele
gates will earnestly seeK to obtain a
modus Vivendi, which will reconcile . Kru
ger's desire for complete Independence
with the terms offered by Great Britain.
LONDON. Jan. 10.— Th* Globe's finan
cial editor said a report which came from
well Informed quarters was current in the
city to-day that the Boer chiefs had mado
overtures to the British Government to
the effect that they were prepared to lay
down their arms, provided they were not
exiled. Wednesday next Is the Boer feast
day, and It was said the surrender of the
Boers would probably occur .then.
AMSTERDAM. Jan. 10.— The Boer dele
gates in Holland evidently anticipate that
some kind of peace overtures will shortly
be made, though they are reticent as to
the reasons for this belief. They main
tain, however, that • the demand for an
unconditional' surrender must be aban
doned.
Bryan arrived in the city this afternoon
and went to the West-street School. The
children cheered him as he stepped to the
stage and he responded with a bow. He
gave a fifteen minutes' talk to the chil
dren. He advised them to gain, a good
education and to strive for a higher edu
cation, after graduating from the gram
mar and high schools. He concluded by
asking the children to sing "America, f>
He congratulated them and then.sta
tioned himself at the exit, where he shook
hands with each. . «
The reception in the Knights of Colum
bus' rooms to-night was not largely at
tended and only a few leading Democrats
called. Not more than 500 persons heard
the lecture, but the audience extended
Bryan a. warm greeting and many of the
points in the , discourse were applauded
Bryan delivered his familiar. lecture, "A
Conquering Nation." ,
IIOLTOKE, Mass., Jan. 10.— W. J. Bryan
visited Holyoke to-day and lectured | un
der the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus. He was given a half hour's pub
lic reception and the lecture began at. 8
o'clock. ¦ .
BRYAN TALKS
TO CHILDREN
. The ' old complaint ' from the Police
Judges of the. lack of stenographers 'has
again cropped up, and' yesterday Judge
Krlte issued' an attachment for Stenogra
pher-Long to be In his court this morn-
Ing at 10 o'clock. The Judge- had t three
felony cases on his calendar to be heard
yesterday, afternoon and Long should
have attended, but did' not. do so, as he
had been engaged in Judge Mogan's court
till between 1 and 2 o'clock. An' effort
will be made to get Mayor Schmltz to
appoint "the additional : stenographer,
which will give one for each Judge and
do away with any cause for delay or com
plaint. ... .-..-¦' ' '
IHore Stenographers Needed.
John E. Crothers, a drug clerk, surren
dered himself st the Hall of Justice yes
terday and was booked at the City Prison
on a charge of obtaining money by false
pretense?. The complaining witness
against him la B. M. Ayers. druggist,
l^avetiwonh and Eddy streets, who al
leges that he was induced to. give a mes
senger boy $10 on December 30 on the rep
rcprr.tiiiion that it was for a friend named
FYrguf;on, but in reality was for Crothers.
Crothers is a«.ecc-d to have played the
Eame trick on R number of other drug
gists avil saloon men.
Prised Money by False Pretenses
Because of the failure of Walter' - Mo
rosco." the deceased promoter "of theatri
cal amusements, to have the witnesses to
. the j codicil; to'- his -will sign their names in
his presence Judge Ellsworth refused to
day to. admit the Instrument to probate.
This decision deprives Heijry H. Bishop,
a brother of the deceased. In whose favor
the codicil was ' drawn, of ; a bequest of
jm.ooo.--'- ¦ - . . .: . .-¦ -;-¦:¦ -•.-•> ¦•¦¦•-.
. According to the terms of the codicil,'
which Is . dated at San Francisco, j August'
21..1901, the v deceased , bequeaths rtq his*
Lrother all real estate standing in his
name in Ouilford, Conn., and $3000 in cash.
.TJie Guilford realty -consists of; 160 -acres,
v/ith improvements,', which : Is valued', at
about $15,000. So that $20,000 is the total
value of , the property disposed of. by the
codicil. ::¦•'; . . , ...
The names 'of H. 'H. Campbell" and
George Reilley are affixed -to -the codicil
as witnesses. On the .witness stand this
morning," while proof of- the will was be
ing offered, these witnesses testified that
they did not sign. the codicil, in, the pres
ence of Walter Morosco. : They said they
.understood that - Louis ? H. Bishop, - dece
aent's. ,half brother, .who. 1 drew up the
willand Is the • executor, also drew, up
the codicil. -When Morosco "signed the
codicil In his office in -the Grand- Opera
house he said to some one present: "Now,
'take this downstairs and have two" of
theboys sign.- their names .to It."' -
. On -the strength of: » this .testimony
Judge 'Ellsworth,. decided that he- could
not admit the. codicil- to probate. '/.v-« $¦*¦¦
. Under I this decision I the property | which
Henry, H. : Bishop 'would have • received
will' now revert to the son. Harry W. Mo
rosco," to whom : the residue .was be
queathed. . .,:.;', ..- 7 . •< \ . : V
There . was , no obstacle In the way : of
¦the 1 admission ¦ of -the \will - itself to pro
bateL Louis H. Bishop was appointed the
executor. -To Harry W. Morosco the bulk
eft the estate is . left. «• Louis H. Bishop
gets an interest: in : the .Morosco . Grand
¦Opera-house; Company- and -Oliver- and
Leslie Mitchell get. equal interests in the
Burbank , Theater. -Los Angeles.
1118 Broadway, Jan.'; 10. .
Oakland Office San" Francisco .Call,
LOSES REQUEST
ON TECHNICALITY
The" appointment was quite a. surprise
to Judge Morrow,, and he accepted it. as
a rare honor to be named '¦ one of --the
foster-fathers of > an Institution, destined
to become unique in, the world's history,
both: because' of the lofty-ideals it will
endeavor to establish and the, tremendous
influence it .will exert upon,the philosophic
thought of the century. •" ' r.
United States .Circuit Judge Morrow has
made arrangements • to attend the 1 meet
ing of ( the trustees appointed * by Andrew
Carnegie to'- take chargeof .. the fund of
$10,000,000 "donated by. him as a fund- for
the founding In . Washington of a-unlver
eity devoted .to -higher education: Judge
Morrow y i received a* • telegram • yesterday
from Mr. Carnegie Informing him. that the
meeting will be held at * Washington on
January 29. ' • ' *;
¦ Judge Morrow was in receipt yesterday
of many : congratulatory. ¦ . messages ¦. from
his friends upon his appointment. -He will
represent the entire Pacific Coast, 1 the only
other member of :the board- of "trustees
mentioned as a Californian being. D; O.
Mills, ' who ; is ' a' resident of New , York.
Judge 'Morrow became .acquainted ¦ with
Mr. Carnegie while, the Judge ..was : en
gaged in his duties as a Congressman," and
Mr. Carnegie became; very ; much inter
ested in the affable and' brainy Califor
nian.--, ¦ : ':-.. ; ¦ : --. .>¦ "" : ':'¦.¦ ¦ • .¦¦'¦¦¦
To Analyze Park "Water Monthly.
The Supervisors' Health Committee met
yesterday and recommended the passage
of a resolution requesting the ' Board of
Health to make chemical and bacterio
logical examinations of the water used In
Oolden Gate Park. The committee took
action as a result of the report filed by
the City Engineer that the water is only
fit for drinking purposes if regular analy
ses ar<? made to show that it Is whole
some. The last analysis demonstrated
that the water is drinkable.
The committee requested of the City
Attorney an opinion as to whether an
ordinance ordering the destruction of cer
tain buildings in Chinatown is legal.
The San 'Francisco Ladles' Protective
and Relief 'Society held its annual meet
ing January 9 and "elected the following
officers::.: r- • '* . . .¦
President, Mrs. , George Barstow; vice presi
dent, Mrs. S. W. Dennia; recording secretary.
Miss Alice Brown; ccrresnondinff secretary.
Mrs. P. B. Cornwall: treasurer. Miss ¦ K. '¦* F;
Hutchinson; managers— Mrs. I* S. Adams,
Mrs. George Barstow, Miss A. "W; Beaver,
Miss. Borel. Miss • Alice - Brown, Mrs.' Charles
Clayton, Mrs. N. P. Cole, Mra. P., B. Corn
wall, Mrs. S. W." Dennis,- Mrs. J. L. Deerihgr,
Mrs. Timothy Honkins. Mrs. Hugh Huddle
eton, Mrs. K. F. Hutchinson, Mrs. N. O. Htt
tle, Mrs. Husro 'Kiel. Miss M. E. Kohl, Mrs.
J. Le Roy Nickel, Mrs. E. B. Pond. Mrs. J. A.
Robinson, Mrs. J. It. Sims, Mrs. Milan Soul?,
Mrs." A. P.' Talbot. Mrs. - George Sage, Mrs.
Charles "W. Willard; honorary managers— Mrs.
L. AlgeltlnKer, Mrs. C. S. "VVrlsht; trustees-
Mrs. Charles R. Bishop, Mrs.' ILL. Dodge,
Mrs. Horace Davis,. Mrs. J. L. Hutchinson and
Mre. George A. Newhall. ».
Relief Society Elects .Officers.
When the robber came upon me I was
dreadfully startled. The first- thing he
said was: • - . . \. .'
•" '.You' re. a pretty plucky woman to be
walking alone through a street like this.'.
down one feels a bit timid about walking
there, especially with , mental visions of
robbers to worry about. • • ¦/¦-.¦- .'
"Anyway, I left. the store last evening
at 6 o'clock, cs usual, and started home. ..
JUDQE MORROW WILL
ATTEND THE MEETING
BOERS EXPECT
EARLY PEACE
I am a native of Holland and belong: to a
prominent family there. I was formerly a
lieutenant In the navy but resign«l and left
Holland for Hawaii, where I was employed as
surveyor on a sugar plantation. * I moved in
the best society on the islands and was sorry
to leave, but my health failed and I came to
The prisoners appeared before Judge
Cabanlss yesterday morning. Both are
distinguished looking men, and when
Vandervelde" told his story to the Judge
the latter's sympathies were thoroughly
aroused. Vandervelde said:
entrance to the public library
last Tuesday evening. He' was arrested
by Policeman Bert Wren and booked ori
a charge of grand larceny. William de
Boer was arrested the following morning
by Wren and booked on a similar charge,
as he was with Vandervelde when the
last named stole the bicycle.
MADE desperate by poverty and
hunger, L. A. Vandervelde, a
man of good family and educa
tion, stole a bicycle from the
FORMER OFFICER OF THE DUTCH NAVY WHO STOLE A BICYCLE IN
ORDER TO OBTAIN FUNDS WITH WHICH TO PURCHASE FOOD
"I started back and then the man
: grabbed me. I was so startled I didn't
know what to do, when he said:
, "''Give me your purse and money.*
•- ' "Then, summoning all the strength I
. could, I just struck him a hard blow with
my gloved hand on the face.
"'That's grit for you,' I heard him say
as he half-staggered, more ' from eurprlso
than the blow.I guess. Then I ran, and
that's all there Is to It.
. "Once before I was robbed. It occurred
at El Paso del Norte, across the Rio
'¦ Grande from £1 Paso. There vu a b»>c
fiesta In progress and I had gone over to
witness the festival. While I was stand
' In? in a, church doorway a Mexican
grabbed me and snatched a girdle from
my waist to which was attached a chate
'¦ lalne bag. Before I could do anything tho
! had disappeared In the crowd.
"I made up my mind then that I would
not be robbed again without mailing a
tight to save my possessions."
Her fellow employes at Goldberg, Bowen
& Co. 'a store sound praises of Miss Ste
vens -without stint.
The robbery, to which Miss Stevens re
ferred as having alarmed her was that of
Miss Ellis Brockaway. who was relieved
by a footpad on the night of November 14
of a purse containing $10 at almost the
identical spot where Miss Stevens had her
encounter. Miss Brockaway was walking
toward her residence. 763 Thirteenth
street, about 11 o'clock -when she was
stopped by a masked highwayman.
, The man arrested last night shortly
after the attempt to rob Miss Stevens
could not be identified as the footpad who
waylaid her. ¦ ¦
OAKLAND GIRIi WHOSE PLUCKY
FIGHT WITH A FOOTPAD HAS
MADE HER A HEROINE.
The Buena Vista schoolhouse was ac
cepted as finished. \t having been. repaired
in conformity with specifications. '
Colonel George H. Men dell was re
elected president of the board and As
sistant Secretary Boyle was granted a
leave of absence for two months on ac
count of illness. *
The secretary was authorized to invit?
proposals for the extension of the Sun
pet main sewer from Fourteenth avenue
to its outfall.
The t>oard awarded the contract for the
erection of a Nurses' Home on the
grounds at the City and County Hospital
to Newsom & McNeil, their bid being
$223S.
170 EEOEE EXTENSION OF
TIME ON CITY CONTRACTS
Board of Works Will Ex^ct Tliat
Work B? Finished Within
Agreed Period.
J. J. Powlirig & Co.. the firm that has
the contract to pave with bituminous reck
the roadway of Washington street. , be
tween Killmore and Steiner. came fa for
considerable censure at the hands of the
Board of Public Works at yesterday's
meeting. The matter came up on an ap
plication for an extension of thirty days
on It? contract. Commissioner Manson
was opposed to granting an ¦extension on
the ground that contractors for public
work were becoming dilatory in carrying
out thdr contracts. The firm was finally
granted twenty days' extension with the
notification that no further extensions
wculd be granted. The board decided to
be more srringent in future in regard to
compering contractors to finish their con
tracts within the time originally agree-!
As the general says, with his wife and
his wife"? fa:nilv. the Biankarts. all ha
«'esires at Dresect if to rest and to en
joy th«r comforts of linnie in the compan
ionship of his wife and their baby .boy.
Th> future for General Funston is in
doubt. Whether he will return to Manila,
whether he Tvill be assigned to duty in
California, whether he will be sent to St.
Paul as commancer of the Department of
Minnesota, whether he will abandon the
finny for political life are ail questions
that have yet to be answered.
During his Eastern visit he expects to
submit to another operation, xvhlch will
be slight, however, and will not, it Is be
lieved, subject him to any serious Incon
venience.
The general has not definitely arranged
his plans for the Immediate future. He
Intends to enjoy a rest for several days
at leas 1 : and then make a trip to Kansas
jo visit with his parents and come of his
friends. There will also be a trip to Wash
ington, whither General Funston will go
to pay his personal respects to the Presi
dent and to the Secretary of War.
The oaptor of Aguinaldo is here on a
sixty-day furlough for rest and recupera
tion. . That leave began yesterday, and
with BO much to crowd in the two months
General Funston has to economize every
minute of his time.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 10.
Alter a restful nlsht General Frederick
Funston departed early this morning to
report his arrival from the Philippines at
army headquarters In San Francisco.
This was a matter of official duty that
could «iot be overlooked despite- the at
traction at the Blankart home in East
Oakland of the first born, who will soon
be christened Frederick Funston Jr.
De Boer, -who is also a native of Hol
land, and a chemist by profession, : met
Vandervelde ! In' society circles In the Isl
ands. He admitted being with Vander
velde when he stole the bicycle and knew
that he was going to commit the theft,
but said he had no hand in the act.
Geortre J. Moore, a life insurance agent,
testified that he , knew De Boer in the
Islands and that he was of '» good family
and bore an excellent reputation. The
case against him was dismissed.
The Judge reduced the charge against
Vandervelde to petty larceny, of which
charge he was convicted, but sentence
was postponed for a week to enable him
to cable to his friends i In Holland for
money to, pay a fine, so that he might be
saved the disgrace of serving a term in
Jail.
thla city with $200 In my pockets I could not
get any suitable employment and . my money
soon gave out.. I was absolutely without funds
and hungry and when I saw the bicycle I
could not resist the temptation to steal It so
as to set funds with which to buy.Iood. ¦-
•Reeves said that Rathbone. bad appoint
ed him chief postal accountant, but tnat
he had originally been appointed to -this
position from Washington. ' He said that
hehad a conversation .with Neely about
the destruction of. stamps.: that Neely
told him Rathbone was willing to do buhi- |
ness, and that the 'Stamps had been
burnedat the suggestion of Neely.' Mar
field did 1 not know: about \ the intended
fraud. • He figured up the amount of -the
value V and marked 1 each package of
stamps, amounting, to a total of $310,000.
Reeves testified that Neely made : up a
J declaration and that some days afterward
he, Neely_and Marfleld signed n. Rath
bone, he said, ordered him to credit the
amount on the' books. •>¦ ".: •
Hero Senor Lanuza called attention to
; Reeves', statement on Assistant Postmas
! ter Bristow's report that Reeves had not
known fraud had been committed when he '
made the credit in the books. I Beeves said
! that before burning the last aurchargcti
stamps, amounting to $68,000, Neely told
him that the amount credited for the first
burning was wrong-, and that'there was
$15,000 to be divided up : between him;
Neely and Rathbone. Reeves testified that.
Neely told him that Rathbone had paid
off a mortgage in Cincinnati with this
money. . ¦ . . .
Shortly after- this Reeves said that
Rathbone in referring to the burning -of
the stamps said that it was an easy way
to make money. He alsoisaldrthat Neely
told him that Rathbone would be civil
Governor of ; Cuba -and that they, would
I benefit thereby, because Neely. would .. be
Treasurer of the Island and Reeves Aud
itor. Reeves also, testified' that Neely had
credited $12,000 to his own department in
changing accounts to the North American
Trust Company, and that he, Neely,. had
appropriated this amount.
| Regarding Rathbone's trip. to the United
• States in October, 1899, Reeves said that
- $1500 had been drawn for expense, and
¦ Rathbone returned him $673. He said that
; he thought Neely gave Rathbone- $480 of
; this amount, and that Neely said .that
I Rathbone was hard up and. that be would
j return it when he got an' increase of sal
| ary. . . ' '¦'... , v ¦' ; ¦ - s y. .
'' When the question of daily expense ai
; lowance came up Reeves testified that he
: told Rathbone that in the absence of any
• instructions discontinuing - this allowanc
lie should continue it when Neely went
<to the United States. Reeves said further
; that just before his arrest Neely : left an
! envelope containing : $4600 upon his
i (Reeves') desk, telling- him to fir. up the
j accounts. ; Reeves said he afterward gave
: this money to General Wood, telling, him
i that Neely had been stealing. .' ".; . , r .
. The Government' has finished, the exam-'
ination ; of Reeves and to-morrow, he will
be 'cross-examined by for Neely
and Rathbone. It was «n-ldent throughout
Reeves' testimony that the charge against
all the defendants is based on Reeves'
statements,' for the fiscal ¦; conducted v. hi?
examination question by question i from i a
typewritten copy of the accusation and
Reeves' testimony substantiated ¦ the con
clusions drawn in the accusation. , . -'
HAVANA; Jan. 10.— When the trials ot
the cases arising. from- the' Cuban postof
flce,frauds were resumed ! in' the Audlonca
Court to-day after having, been adjournta
since >\Vednesday on account of the illnesa
of counsel for 'Charles W. P. Neely ,' • W.
H. Reeves, one of the* defendants, was
a grain called '<to the stand 1 arid testified re
garding the stamp-burning '; incident.' , j The
witness said ;,the stamps ;were ! not count
ed .-and ithat' Neely ; ; told : him 'Estes • G.'
Rathbone acquiesced lnlthe whole matter.
¦ . ¦; ¦. • ¦ ' .¦ •"..¦¦;. •¦. - •.....¦¦ -, ¦¦¦¦¦¦;*¦¦>¦'¦ ¦'¦'
Interesting Testimony Given
by a Defendant : at
Havana..
His Parents in Kansas, Also
to Be Visited by the
Famous Soldier.
General Funston Has
an Eastern Trip in
Prospect.
Fraud:;
Reeves Tells About the
Cuban Postofflce :
"EASY" MONEY,
IN THE STAMPS
WILL JOURNEY
TO WASHINGTON
SHOWER PRAISES ON HEROINE
OF ENCOUNTER WITH A ROBBER
]\^s IVUud ;S^ With a Slap
' on the. Face; Receives Praise oi Admiring Friends.
HUNGER CAUSES A FORMER
NAVAL OFFICER TO STEAL
L. A. Vandervelde, Who Served as a Lieutenant on
a Holland Warship, Purloins a Bicycle.
,"JThe shade, trees <>!i. both "sides .of the.
block between Castro and I Brush streets
make the street so dark that: after sun-
/ WAKLAND, Jan.- lO.i-Miss .Maud ;
(/ ¦ /,' \\ - Stevens, \ : the ; - pretty . and - athletic ,
II ; s - 1 1 heroine ; of ' last" night's [ encounter
i /\jf: '¦ w ith a footpad,- has : been devoting
. r the major^portioh'bf her .time , to- ¦
day; In' holding ! an ¦; informal f reception^ o*f •
her j admixing ,' friends, . .who * shower, con- ~.
gratulatlons ; upbn' her ,"¦ for; * the * plucky ,
stand she ¦ made when' - she .delivered, a
stinging slap on [ the robber's ; jaw'ln re- X>
sponse to his demand for her money. / ' .
¦ Notwithstanding her exciting experience , :
Miss Stevens after a' night's rest 'at her",
home, 1 820 .Thirteenth g street, 'entirely re
gained . her. ; self-possession ; to-day. ; ;"The •
young \womari was very^irftodest >ln her
narrative 'of '-, the episode', TShe dldinot ''¦'¦
think it. was such a daring thing to ;do,
but there. was -a- firm. 'set to: her pretty '
mouth ; that 'meant she would repeat the '
blow If/ the required. -
¦."Really,''', said - Misa ; Stevens -to-day, "'it
wasn't so brave., Don't you know, I have
been afraid ' to go through Thirteenth "
street.^where T was held up, ever i since';
that « yottng woman > was robbed there in "'¦
November. •:.¦¦¦ . ¦ :¦¦ ; . ; ... : .:•¦.-.= . •-¦¦-: ¦ -¦¦
NEW, WESTERN .'HOTEL.
J M Longbroke, | Dawsn
H ¦ BaselUln, • Ogden " -
B' Field, v Angels -<¦¦'.
Miss C McKay, Angels
A ¦ 8 Cartledge,-- Minn •'-'
Miss < McKay. * Helena •
W i Hogan/.- Toronto "¦¦- -."
H Walbridge, V- Everett
J? Smltb.t S . Jose '
J- B » White,", Taeoma .: '
G F:Walto.:Marshfield
EH Akin, Texas •¦;•
Mtsa A G AkJn. i Texas
H f Gibbons;. .Skagway
V,. A • Wol f e. '- Denver . '.
L ¦ B Jjawson;' Redwood
O V-'< Lewis," N Mex ,.-¦•, .
J-'M PlersolipN Mek i
8 G : Yorks.' Wichita :
F " Bush.vNebr '." .<¦¦,-.- .-
M Wciner t& ,w. Car
'Timber }¦ is seasoned i by • the ¦ evaporation
of the - water.1 the extraction . of . the ..vege
table: juices 'and' the 'solidification* of the
wandv tissue. 'SsHHBBHttfiBBCBHBwakHl
THE SAN FBAyCISCO OALIi., SATOBDAY, JANUARY 11; 1902.
11
POSTTJM CEREAL.
BUILT A MONUMENT.
The Best Sort in the World.
"A monument built by and from Pos-
tum' is the way Mr. J. G. Casey of Ayers,
111., describes himself. He says: "For
5*eara I was a coffee drinker until at last
I became a terrible sufferer from dyspep-
sia, constipation, headaches and indiges-
tion, and was a physical wreck.
"Tlie different kinds <it medicines I tried
did not cure me. but finally some one told
me 3: must leave off coffee and take up
Postam Food Coffee. I was fortunate In
having the new coffee made strictly ac-
cording to directions, so that from the
start 1 liked It. It has a rich flavor and I
made the change from coffee to Postum
without any trouble.
"Gradually my condition changed. The
old troubles disappeared and I began to
get well again. My appetite became good
and I could digest food. Now I have been
restored to strength and health. Can sleep
sounl all night and awake with a fresh
and rested body. Everyone who meets me
comments on my getting so fat and rosy.
"I am really a monument built by Pos-
tum, for I was a physical wreck, dis-
tressed In body and mind, and am now a
strorg, healthy man. I know exactly what
made the change; it was leaving off coffee
and usinsr Poitum."
BROWN'SBS 11
"The be«t preparation for colds, ctraghi,
MBS. S. A. WATSOJT, Tem peraaee Icctexar.
u Pre-emincntlT the V»«t.»»
? BEy.HEyBTffABPBEECHBB.'
AD ViSKTISTTM iJLN TS.
¦ -i
The Furrows
The wear, the tear and ths
worry of life plough deeply.
Physicians prescribe a tonical
stimulant. BBH
t3 Baltimore
HaN^1l«ft$KM is tJielr cIlolce
fllllPfiMju JPm c^ eer an< * com-
l«|^e-£^ffl[j F° r the physical
g?3pEte^yj<*^a ! *jySl . needs of women,
- KSA^'^WjJ?Ji^1 whan recom-
purest tonical
P^yvffip^j^J^fdj stimulant.
I CHRISTY &WISBCO3C«ISSIOSCO^Ine n i
I - '- 327 Sansnme St., San Franolgco, Cal.
, -: >.< ¦ Telephone Main KS. , •
I,..-;...........,,.......,,.;THE SAN^E^
12
8 ATI FHAXCTSCO CALL.
ruSINHSS OFFICE ft Tho San' Franc!sc»
Call, corner of Market and Third strefts; open
vntil 12 o'clock every nisht ia the year.
FnANCH OFFICES— 527 MontKpmery street.
ffner Clay; open until 6:30 d. m.
-5O0 Hayeo Mreet: oi>en until 9:"0 p. m.
'"•SO McAllister street: open until 9:S0 p. m.
SIR Lnrkin street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
3911 Mission Ftrwt: open until 10 p. in.
E22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
«nt:i 0 p. m. 4
Jf?> Eleventh 5treet: open until » p. m.
3096 Valencia street: open until 9 n. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
fcrkv rtr-pets: fipen t'ntil 9 p. m. . ">.' ¦
SMO F-iMmor*' street- rnvn until fl p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES. -
LO^ElTscouish liill^iTiLlrkiq^t^-SpecJal
addresses by Mr. Alfred Mace.- Lord's day
afternoon, January 12. :i o'clock, "The Five
Widows of the Gospels": Lord'6 day even-
ing. January 12. 7;45 o'clock. "Creation. Sal-
vation. Translation." Gospel addresses,
lord's day. Wednesday and Thursday even-
Ings at 7:45. Ycu are invited.
_ MEUi'I.NU NOTICES.
CH-XTKETT Lodre No. 130. F. and A. ft
M. — L>. ad TU1S EVEN1XG. Jan. 11. _#\_
at < o'clock Kiiarp. By order of the jt_>\
W. M. H. FORTK1EDE. Sec. /? >
i:.i.tlilUK Degree Lodge No. < x* ?sfc c.
r. I. O. <j. F. — Regular meeting §fjy^S5&
Third de~ree. ; <^t*^^
WM. B. CURTIS. P. M.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge- No. *-**jl»>
207, 1. O. O. K-— Oltlcers and
mombt-rs r.ro iw.H-ctlully re-
to attend ma funeral of '""Jit* ¦
«»ur bite brother, ?1IEN1U SOULAGE. from
o«id Fellows' Hall. SUNDAY. January 12,
1V>O2, at 1 :;;o p. m. J. J1EKKIENE. N. G. ¦
_j A- LEON- AUKADOl", Sec.
THE St. Andrew* Society will cele- ' ¦«/ _^
brate tbe anniversary of the birth JL L*w7
of ItOtJKR'l' BURNS with a con-^__X_V
«vrt and social dance in Scottish ***t?% ¦
Hall, 111 Larkln St.. on FRIDAY KVENING,
January S4. Admission "5c
-JAMKS ROLPH JR.. President.
GEO. ST. J. BREMXER, Secretary.
KOTICE of Meeting of Stockholders— Office of
the Union Trust Company of San Francisco.
Number 2 Montgomery street, northeast cor-
ner of Montgomery and Post streets, San
Krancisco. Cul.. Jan. «th. 15K»2 — Notice is
hereby given that pursuant to a resolution
of the bourd of aireetore or the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco, a corporation,
adopted on the yth day of January, W02, at
a meeting of eaid board, duly held at the
of fie? of fcaid company, in. tbe city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia, a majority of the members
of said board being present, a meeting
of th« 6tockho!dei-s of said company -will be
held at tlie office and principal place of busi-
ness of said corporation, to wit, in the rear
room on the ground floor of the building on
the northeast corner of Montgomery and Pest
etre*ts, known as No. 2 Montgomery street,
in the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, said building being the
building where the board of directors of said
oorporation usually meet, and said room be-
ing the room in 6aid building where the
stockholders of eaid corporation usually meet
on THURSDAY, the 27th day of March!
1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.. for the object and
purpose of thereupon considering and voting
upon a. proposition to increase the capital
Ftoek of said corporation from $1,250,000 OO
« divided into 1250 shares of the par value
of $1000 00 each share) to «, 500. 000 00 (di-
vided Into 1500 shares of the par value of
$1000 00 each share). By order of the board
of directors. : -
UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
(Seal) By I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
HAKALAU. PLANTATION COMPANY, office
227 Market Ft. San Francisco. Dec. SI. 1901:
Annual meeting— The annual meeting of thd
rtockholdens of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany trill be held at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market et.. in the city and county
cf San Francisco. State of California on
VVEDXESDAT. the . ISth day of January
J002, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose cf electing a board of directors
to terve f<"»r the ensuing year and for' the
purpose of s mending article III of the by-
Jaws cf the company, relating to the annual
meeting of stockholders and for such other
liusiness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday Jan-
uary 4. at 12 o'clock m. By order of the
president. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM— To the stock-
holders of The Emporium, a corporation:
Please take notice that the annual meeting
cf the etockholders of The Emporium, a cor-
pciatScn. -will be held at the principal office
ct the company, in the Parrctt building, lo-
re ted on Market st. between Fourth and
nrth. in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. State of California, on THURSDAY,
the ICth day of January. 1902. at 2 o'clock
p. in., for the purpose of electing directors
and for the transaction of such other busl-
n^FS as may properly come before the meet-
ing. By order of the board of directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January 2, 1902.
ANNUAL MEETING— OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY. — The regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company v.-i!l be held at the office of the
company. S27 Market street In the City and
County of San Francisco. State of California,
on TUESDAY, the 21st day of January. 1302,
at the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
|H>se of electing a Board of Directors to serve
irr the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other buaiaess as may come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on
Friday. January 10, 19C2, at 3 o'clock p. m.
By order of the President
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The • regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
be held at the office of the company, 327
Market Et. San Francisco, on MONDAY,
the 20th day of January. 1002, at the hour
cf 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of elect-
ing a board of directors to serve for the en-
suing year ond the transaction of such oth»;r
business as may come before the meeting.
The transfer books will close on Friday, Jan-
uary 17. 1002. at 3 o'clock p. m.
_ W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
OFFICE of the San Francisco Gas nnd Elec-
tric Co.. 415 Post st.. San Francisco. CaL —
The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the S»n Francisco Gas and Electric Com-
pany vrlll be held at the office of the com-
pany. 415 Port 6t_. in the city and countyof
Fan Francisco, at 12 o'clock M. on TUES-
DAY. January 21. 1902 The transfer books
of the company will be closed from January
JC. 1C02. to and Including January 21. 1902.
(Stoned) WILLIAM G. BARRETT.
Secretary.
Dated San Francisco January 6. l!»02.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at tbe office of the com-
pany. 222 Market et. San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 21. 1902. at 11 o'clock
r. m.. for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction cf such other business as
may ccnie before the meeting.
- J. O'B. GUNN. Secretary.
Office 222 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
January 9. 1902.
1HE anuual meeting of the stockholder; of. The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco.
Oal.. wfi! lx> held at its banking-house. 301'
Montgomery tt. . San Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January 14. 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
T. J3.. for the election of directors to 6erve
rcr the ensuing year and the transaction ot
ruch other business as may come before the
irwttnr. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco. .December 13. 1901. :¦ ¦
A WEEKS news fer 5 cents — The 'Weekly Call.
1<-' r.«c?g. In irratmer for nmll'ng. fi per year.
AUt£\T* \VA.Vi'KU.
VK want men or good address for^clty~an<J
Str.te: none but hustlers need apply: Call or
address OLIVER McDEVITT. Royal House.
J__E!1U st.
WANTED— Agents in every town in Alameda
<-o. for Bale of patent article; permanent po-
Fltions to right parties: 10c for sample and
to F. CHAPMAN, 115 Elghth.S.F.
CANVASSERS, male and female. In every city
">»n and village; article absolute necessity;
ra'.es increasing; 100 %. profit; permanent
fcg\v. possible. Sutherland, r. 14, Flood bldg.
TWO men to do some advertising work. Call
rocm 1. I0C7 Market st.
ASPMALTti.M HOOKIXG.
C1T*- AfcPHALTUM CO.. tK2 Market st— Rood.
Mi*°wiiik«. floors: rheat» rates. Tel. Red '£3X1.
ATTOKMtlS AT LAAvI
AUOtli ire*: divorces a specialty iqulek. quiet;
no vl-.ji p* without euccese; established 16 yia,
open «vtri:'lns8 byappoiuiment;phoneJohn318l
G. \\\ HOWK. S50 Market st. cor. Stockton.
AI>VJCK free; divorce: bankruptcy; collections-
attachments; .mortga^s; follU O f sale; partner-
f-hfr*: deeds; wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
c»i->fu:; o|^?n eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
R. U\ KING, Examiner bldg.. Cth floor; all
cc^es: fecg low; estates, collections, etc.; con-
euluction free; no advance fees;, open eves.
A^?,V IC^ E . lree: no ch « r «e unless successful. wT"
¦ \\. DAVIDSON. »27 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. K CLAUK. Emma Spreckels blog~l»27~Mar-
K-t >t: ''OTiiiultcUon free: no fees in advance.
»»»• «? ».»;.» — t-i.r Sale «»r k.:cban(r. '
ALLEN, ager.t for Columbia and all good bicy-
cles : second-hand wheels reduced. 301 Larkln.
HOARDING FOR' CHILDREN.'
3ERMAN lady would board couple ofJchll-,
dren; rocm for parent. 43U Minna st- • . '
rOUNG 'diilii -to 'board In private family:
n-««cnab!e. - Box 2923. Call.
t" " —
HOOKS— .NiiW AXD OLD.
{'OR sstrolcgical. occult, metaphysical books
•o to 142D Market at. 6. F.
HCSIXKSS* Ci*A*CKS.V- K 'rj ;
A^ST^oT^KiEST^'uRANT^norchop house; kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above ; $100 per.
month; located in- and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given.
. Call it G. WILKE. -t>V^ Kearny st'
$500— POULTRY and wild £ame stor* dolu? a
good paying business: low rent: location can't
be beat. See B. O. WILKE, 2OV4 Kearny Bt.
A— CIOAR stand: fixtures, leaie, good will for
$l(X>: etock at invoice: location can't be boat.
Call li. G. WILKE. 20U Kearny st.
A — 811*0; CORNER grocery and liar on Taylor
st. ; rent $25; place established many years
and doing a good business ; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26>i Kearny st. •.- .
A_$000: COFKEE ealoon and restaurant; 'es-
tablished years: first-clats | paying; locate-1
c!o>» to Chronicle building; bargain; call
eooii.- R. G. WILKE. 26^ > Kearny st.
A — $SO0; COFFEE saloon in- wholesale dis-
trict; rent ?50; no Sunday or,- night work,
and clearing above $200 per month. . Call R.
G. WILKE. 2t>% Kearny st. '
A— PARTY wanted with $3000 to $5000 to
buy interest in one of the oldest established
general commission houses of .this city; hon-
est ana active man wanted; references to b«
exchange : books open for inspection. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny fat
A— $G00; SALOON eioEeno~Kearny and Cali-
fornia sts.: rent $30; good paying business;
full value In sight. Call R.' G,; WILKE, 20 Va
Kearny et. : . '"'.-*-'.'.'". - .:
A — $4(>O: MILK depot and dalry'^jroduce. store
on Fifth «.; rent S2<>; living rooms, fine
opening for man and- wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
WANTED— A few men to put In $300 each and
develop a gold mine of merit: come and ex-
amine for yourself and I will explain thor-
oughly. Room 406. 4th floor. Annex to Call
building. San Francisco.
IF you have $1000 to invest in the organizing
of a corporation that is certain of success
call at room 40C. 4th floor. Annex to Call
buildln?. - -'¦' . ', . '
IF you have $1500 cash to invest I can make
you secretary of a corporation to be organ-
Iretf that will be certain to make you $2000
in twelve months; would be pleased to ex-
plain thoroughly and would prefer party who
can operate Smith typewriter and is a stenog-
rapher. " Call at room 406. 4th fioor. Annex to
Call bldg.. S. F.. Monday or Tuesday. ..'
A — $400; SALOON, city front: rent $20: re-
ceipts $15 day. STRAND & CO., 21)9 Kearny.
A— flDOO: FIRST-CLASS saloon;. Market -st;
clears $300 mo. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
A — WE buy. sell or exchange business i of
any kind. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny st.
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.
- 6 Eddy St.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
Ftores, cisar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
OLD-ESTABLISHED real estate business, good
location, for sale cheap account sickness;
Fteady income mere than expenses: chance to
~ double business. J. R. WEBB. Nevada block.
r. 36. ¦ ' ¦¦¦¦•¦¦
Al HOTEL property and furniture, bar,' etc:,
doing a big business; the only hotel; sacri-
ficed because of sickness; only $5750.
N. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent, 6 Geary st.
FOR sale — At a great sacrifice, a restaurant:
good location; cheap rent; -must be sold at
once. Inquire 7C5 Market St.. rooms 1 and
2< Mc .B RIDE & CO.
$350— PARTNER; $200 cash.-bal. out of busl-
- ness; no experience/Decker. 921 Market, r. 6.
IF you want to t>uy a business or. sell go to
DECKER. E21 Market st.
A — THDSTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $8
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES, 462 Parrctt bldg.
BARGAIN — Fine corner liquor 6tore; near Mar-
ket See BEN J. GOLDMAN CO., 110 Bush.
$350 — Partnership: estab. bus. ; pleasant occu-
patlon;duUes light. Cal.Bus.Assn.. S65^ Mkt.
AN active partner required in an old estab-
lished wholesale and manufacturing tea, cof-
fee and spice business located in our whole-
sale district; an excellent opening for - the
right man: principals only. Address box
2267. Call office. - -
GREAT Inducements to party who can furnish
or associate $5000 or more capital to cohtrol
a very valuable Invention. Address Prouty
Mfg. Co., 35 Oliver st., Boston. Mass.
CANDY and notion store: a -bargain; no rea-
sonable offer refused. 2239 Mission. ¦'. 2 p. m.
I WANT to buy a Faloon or grocery and bar
either side of Market Box 2941. Call office.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale; good loca-
tion; $S50. Box 2254, Call office. - .-->'.'
OYSTER and chop house for sale. 523 Pacific
. st; prop, has two places; wants to sell ine.
$400— DELICATESSENTgood tradT; rent $20.
Call 317% Third st.
ROUTE for sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle st, Santa
Cruz, CaL - ,'
CANDY store and factory for sale; sacrifice.
250. Ellis st . . ¦ • ¦
ESTABLISHED fruit and vegetable stand for
sale; 2 living rooms; cheap. 130 Eighth st
ESTABLISHED undertaking business in Oa r-
land at invoice. Box 700.. Alameda.
FRUIT store for rale on easy terms; paying
business. 151 Ninth st
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE,
36-ROOM hotel and bar $1700
14 rooms; on Mission st 500
54 rooms: fine corner; clears $300. 400U
10-room flat on Post 1000
30 rooms; 2 entrances; clears ?200 1900
14 rooms; worth $S00 ' 500
10 rooms ; only 300
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 1S50
18 rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient: clears $150 12SU
23 rooms; clears $100 950
100 rooms ; clears $400 5500
10 rooms: on Eddy st ', 700
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
FRENCH SPOKEN ..... ..
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market: phone Mint 706.
A— FINE FLAT FOR SALE.. „
. 10 rooms and bath; downtown, near Post and
: Powell: clears $75 month; payments to suH.
DECKER; 1020 Market st
A— • Near the Call Bulldlrg.
Phone Black 1-8-0-3.
. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. rms.% 1-
2. ; Money to loan oa
lodging-houses, or on
real estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at
my office. AH for sale on easy terms. CalL
22 T.l rent $66; central ;1 floor;clean. full. $1200
35 r. ; clears about $60 each month ...... $750
25 r.;rent $50;lncome $150;3 blks of Mkt.JICCO
»6 r.; 40 boarders; flrst-cla£s location; clears
$175 mo.; owner sick; exchange for - small
house or real estate; investigate; make offer.
13 r. ; fine carpets; low rent; a bargain.. $3J0
47 r.;elegant;clears $147 mo.;slmply lst-class.
CALL ON RETSLOFF. HE CAN SUIT YOU.
10 rooms; owner sick; must sell :...•;...: $2:10
12 rooms; corner: clears $45. 525
100 rms.; grand cor.; cleans $500; paymts. 5500
21 rooms; Al location; payments. ...... 1000
8 rooms; just listed; good.' ....;.. 300
18 rooms; well furnished; bargain....'. .1250
3."» rooms; clears $200; exclusive sale. . . 3000
22 rooms; best • in city; payments.; . ... 2400
Money to loan. A. H. RETSLOFF. .
(Tel. John 63L) 008 Market st. cor. Ellis. .
12-ROOM CORNER: VERT GOOD; price only
$300; half cash. RETSLOFF. .
A— WINSTON & WOLF." 1026 Market: nhoto-
graph gallery entrance; phone Jessie 2211.
Invite you to call upon them If you desire to
buy a lodging-house., and you are certain to
obtain fair dealing. - Specials: -
' 30 rooms; rent $75 ....-.........$1400
4« rooms; rent $100. . .........; 3250
rooms; rent $125 .2800
'10 rooms; rent $67. .......V.. ........;.. C75
14 rooms; rent $60... 1000
18 rooms; rent $37 50. .....¦:.:...;..... 1050
AA. ...... ATTENTION, BUYERS ....... AA
You may buy any rooming-house in < the
* city and pay for It : . - . > ,
In monthly payments
From the profits of the house. •
We furnish vacant houses
And loan money at lowest rates.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. "
S50 Market st. * Tel. Davis 281.
$1500— 100-ROOM bouse;, cheap rent. • '
$400 — 34- room house; cheap rent. :
Good-paying workingmen's houses; 70 houses
more on list: some pood bargains; before you
buy call and Investigate. McBRIDE & CO.
765 Market" st. . ¦ '
BUYERS, if you want a lodging-house that
-WILL PAY, orjf you ' want to borrow
MONEY "at -1% per cent, call on M. , E
RIVES. 016 Market st. rm. 69; tel. Main 128.
A— NOTICE— We, have rooming-houses, , all
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city: eet
out list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Markt.
J.H.STANTON. real estate and business broker"
removed from 34 Kearny . to ' 777% Market •
.hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances.'
A— WE buy, sell or exchange lodging-houses of
any kind.. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
A — ELEGANT new northwest corner.* 45 rooms.
4 baths. SPECK & CO.. 6C7. Market.
C^r ; CLEAliDiO;
WHEN you • become disgusted with ; poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-'beat-
. ing Works; S53-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40/
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning
• 3c renovated, relald. 104 14th 6t.;tel.Capp25}2.'
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.,' 402 Sutter st-
tel Main 394. . GEO.'WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel.- Mission 203.
CONKLTN'S . Superior. Carpet-cleaning .' Worki.
333 Golden G ate ' ave. ; , telephone East > 12t>. : :
J. E. MITCHELL." Carpet-cleaning • and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel.. Mission 71.
sriRiTCALisji.*- ...- -:¦."'¦¦'."•¦'"•
MME. CARLA ! HANSON, from . Chicago, . wqn-
' derful clairvoyant and -card reader; ¦» advice
given on all affairs of life for short time only;
. no sign; hours » to ¦ 5. (iOS : Eliis; residence
215 Gough; Sunday evenings by appointment;
A— C. \ V.". MILLER, world's ¦ famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Frl.; Sun.,; 8 p. m. ; 50c. ¦- 10S4 Bush St.
.MKS..J. J. WHITNEY, trance. . bus.\ medium;
life'reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings. $1;
letter. $2. 1104 O'Farrell st; Ellis. car.
BROCKWAY,' 1C52 - Ellis, bet. Franklin and
-Gough: uhone Laikin 37H1 — Seances - Sun..:
Tues., Thurs., 8:15 p. m. : 25c; readings, 10-5.
A— PROF." 7 GEE, 108 Sixth st." ; readings,' BOc,
$1 ; circle Tues.. Thur.. ,: Frl. night. 10c. .'
EDWARD EARLE. 228 Ellis; readings .dally;
j,hone Polk 1001; seance Sunday and, Thurs. "
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister — Mrs.C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. VALEEN. medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; -50c and $1. 1583 Market, near Twelfth.
CARD reading; ladies 10c; , gentlemen .252;
hours; 1 to 8. 025 Minna St.; near Seventh..
CliAillVOVAKTS. '/' ¦ - ¦¦:-.
ONE DOLLAR!,.....'... ONE. DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
' • SIR. HENRY PRICHARD.
' » A -: . . ¦ ¦ . ¦
Direct from Hotel Cecil. London.'
Have a psychic ' or palmistry ¦ reading . and
know thy future and prospects for 1902. - •
; $100! $100! $100!. $100!
His Regular $5 00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR!. ............ .ONE DOLLAR!
. FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY. ¦¦ ¦¦ .
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic , troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, * re-
unites the separated, : tells whom you -will mar-
ry, how to WIN, the man or woman you ' love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or Influence any one, you love
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior
to all others.. Hours, 10 to 7 dally;. 10 to 8
Sundays. - x " • ¦
Reception Tooms. 33. first floor. ¦
. 1104 — MARKET STREET — 1104. _.¦ ..
Corner. Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.-
THE, FAMOUS ¦
Clairvoyant nnd business medium, permanently
located at. 17 Third st., next ¦ Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
| description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur -in i the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love - or business ¦ trouhles. -consult this great
medium and you will 'be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice " in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed.' Tel. Black 45G9.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the -well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket. St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; Eend stamp for pamphlet
with special term?. Dally and Sunday. .
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past.
future: never fails; ha? the greatest Egyptian
Fecret: shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 2,*>c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
. open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215 >A 6th.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
; HIGH PSYCHIST.
The. most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
¦ he succeeds when all others fail; permanently
I ' iocated at 125 Turk st. ; . readings by mail.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally. 10 a. m."
¦ to 5 p. m. Sundays- from 10 to 12 a. m. ,.
MME. PORTER, wondertul clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight; :
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies30c, .
gents $1 ; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M, "WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant.
' , crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
• ques.; full names, 50c-$l; 10 a., m.. to S p. m.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fort.une teller; truth'
" or no pay; 25c and 50c. 234% Sixth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ' la-
dies 25c; gents KOe; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MME. Odell, clairvoyant, tells past, present &
future. L 25c: G. 50c. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader; 11 Cth: German spoken ;tel. Jessie 15t!3.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;'
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna Ft; nr. ,4th.
60c and $1— PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant: scl-:
entlfic palmist: card, reader. 1007% Market.
| MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON. buslne3<< me-
.. dlurn. price $1. SI 9% Leavenworth St.. S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune tefier.
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell..
MME RAVENNA read" life fluently: business
¦ advice: na<nM frfven: 2Kp un. ¦ f> Fourth st
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 916 Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
194: able body of : attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless Fuceesoful. Room 310. 027 Market, st.
I>KXTISTS.
A^m*T. sThIGGINS. 927 Market stTEmma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50; other flll- ;
ings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, to up. .
¦ Painless extraction.
' I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method .. 20 years'
' experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.'
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell Et.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; . plates, extractions free, $4 50
• - up: office hours, 0 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; ' Sundays,
6 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The ¦ Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50: fillings, 50c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors^ 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; • lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING.M.D., dentist,
room 24, 14 McAllister st: painless extraction.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny,' cor. Bush —
, Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
LOWEST prices In S.F.; painless extraction,
50c. N..Y. Dentists, 909 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
SET. of - teeth without plate. DR. H. G."
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st./; :¦ ¦¦ ;
DR.R.L. WALSH; 815% Geary, nr.Larkln — Paln-
-- less fext, 50c; plates $5 up; phone .Polk • 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG. SPECIALIST.
DR. EDWARD. N. LEA VY, canine Specialist,
late of New York City, has just located at
90<i Jones st, where he will administer to the
-ailments -of domesticated animals;:, office
hours 10 to 3; telephone Kate 2085. ; ....
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave. ~ .
UUESSMAKEUS ANO SEAMSTIliSSSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
rates; patterns cut. % 1019 Market st. '
FRENCH accordion and-knife pleating. vwi
PILGER. 121 Post, over. O'Connor & Moffatt.
1 ; EOUCATIOAAL.-'.;.
SECOND term ; night school for men, Young
: Men's Christian Association,' Mason and 'Ellis
sts.; 15- week courses, beginning January 6;
bookkeeping course $5; electrical course $5,
English course $8, stenographer's course $4;
.• classes .in algebra, • Anglo-American I history,
architectural .drawing, ¦< arithmetic, "assaying,
'. bookkeeping, civil government, civl! service;
commercial- geography, commercial law, elec-
tricity, elocution, . English, free-hand draw-
ing, geometry, German; mechanical drawing,
vocal music, naval architecture, . penmanship,
-political science, social economics, . steam en-
gineering, stenography.' and typewritinc Ap-
ply at office for hours and tuition prices. A.
A. MACURDA, Educational Director; . H.' . I.
McCO Y, General : Secretary." x ; ¦ v
HEALD' S SCHOOL OF. ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construe-"
tion. laboratory . and shop' work; • thoroughly
practical; .day and night. -24 Post st., S. F.;
catalogue., free. . ... . . ; '
AYRES 1 ' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month ; $50 .- life scholarship • guaran-
tees a . complete bus; . education ; ; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship;
spelling, Spanish, , etc. ; . experienced teachers;
. new typewriters; .positions secured; 'cat." free.
HEALD' S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough course! ; complcto equipment;
v all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.;
A— The' official reporters of I Supreme Court I ad-"
'.vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. .-¦ Is this advice - worth
following? Life ; scholarship ; $50; ¦ catalogue.;
MERRILL-MILI^ER" College— Shorthand,
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
• rott bldg.: Individual- instruction;' cata logue.
ENGINEERING — Civil," .'elec'.mlnlns, mech.sur-
.' " vey, assay, cyanide; day. "eve. ; est. 1SG4. *Van
der.Nalllen School. 113 Fulton. nr.'City. Hall;
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods: uosltions for < all 7 : graduates.
-¦ new CO-page catalogue: tree. /305 Larkln stv;-.
A' FULL course of . Ellis bookkeeping and Uhe
.Gregg shorthand costs only- $60." San -Fran-'
clss-j Business Collece.V 1236 . Market ; st. a ' V
ACTING, elocution^ specialties ;; Hallet '• School,
associated with - : ; theatricals agency t securing
.positions. Alcazar ' bulIdlng;.'120.O'Farrell;gf i
A — THE . Leo ' Cooper \ School ¦ of r Acting " has ' re-
moved to Native Sons' • Hall. ¦ 414 Mason st.
___ EDUCATIONAL— Contlnned. .
PERFECTION, guaranteedTo^beplnncrs, college
iT: gradnata & bookkeepers in account's; . figures.
t_.TARR; ' expert ; accountant.*' 220 . Parrott bldg ,
ARITHMETIC,'; bookkesplug," grammar, writing;
.' etc. : day, or eve. ; $5 mo.'* 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH, 'French, etc. Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
¦¦ of LansuaKeB,:i20Post;est&b'd lS71;ableEt" profs.
SHORTHAND taught; by .mail or personally/
. MISS.M. G. BARRETT," 302 Montgomery, st.
C. Hoffman, EuroDean ' tenor & '.voice -builder:
Ital. : meth. ; '.concert '¦ & oratorio. -; 1017 , Sutter.
VIOLIN,' mandolin, guitar. ' Prof. MERKI; good
-. teacher. ; 1008 • MJKBion ; instruments selected.
Chicago -Business College. 1435 Marketnr. 10th.
'¦; Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S , DAY. . and
ILLUSTRATION— night clagg. 424 : Pine St. .
MARY P/WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin; guitar
-.lessorg, BOc; piano for practice. -. 39 Fifth »t.
HEALD' 8 Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning. - cooks
,-& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. KI-
NCSHITA, 1233 Page. cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab.; 20 years.'
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.', '.640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
wai ter. 421 Post, GEO. AOKI ; tel.' Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese ' Employment Office —
- Best help. 411 % O'Farrell st.;. tel. East 420.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
. flce;all kinds help. 315 Stockton ; Jttaln. 51S8.
JAPANESE j Intelligence. Offlce-^-Furnlsh most
reliable help. . : 524 Bush ¦ st. ; tel. Bush 516. ¦
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Suttentel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT .WAKTED— FE3IALE.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires work by th«
day. > Call ; on MRS/; NORTON, 313 , Sutter
1 St.; tel; Green 721. •/. .:,.-, ,.* -'. .. ¦'¦ • .>
HOUSEKEEPER— By. Eastern woman,' elderly;
neat, good plain cook and laundress; used to
'Children; , has* ; city: references;' wages ,» $10
month; no^postals.' . Call 1020 Howard st,
room 5.;
A YOUNG girt. 17 years old, wishes , situation
general housework and plain cooking, or as
second girl; best of references; wages $15 to
- $18." 179 Corbett ave.; bet. 17th and 18th. ;~:
REFINED young nurse wishes to care for chil-
, dren over two ' years; references; $20. 273
Church St.," Castro or Fiilmore cars.
AMERICAN ¦ woman wishes situation as ' work-
ing - housekeeper ; neat ¦ and - reliable. . * MRS.
-M. L., 1235 Howard st./tCity; no trlflers. > ,
EFFINED .wo nan wishes position: as : house-
keeper ; good cook ; . neat - worker ; - reasonable
wages. 502 Eddy st, lower floor.
COMPETENT dressmaker, good fitter* cutter,
quick worker, $1 50 per day; 'dresses made
- over. Address F.; . 1041 Mission st
WANTED— Work by the day by plain seam-
atress; $1 day.' MRS.: M.. 1109 Mission st. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near. M«r-
. ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60
to $6 week; convenient and • respectable ; fre«
'¦ bus and baggage to and from ferry.,-- f -
CLASSIFIED adverMsements and subscriptions
y received at Call branch office, 220C FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10'jtJ
Valencia st. •--••.•.¦¦ ¦
iaaipi.0 ymekt ; w ante 0— m ale.
SITUATION wanted by an all-round electrician
and . engineer; can do - repairing; have tools
. nnd test instruments: would like steady posi-
tion; temperate. -Address Electrician. 3316
Twenty-sixth st.' . ~: .: - • ¦:
EXPERIENCED man - wants position to take
care, of country place or ranch; understands
1 gardening and general' farming; fruit, vines
and poultry; references^ Box 2244, Call.
MAN and , wife would- like position In ¦ private
.,: -place ;or take care of orchard; man under-
stands hordes and wife is good cook. Address
box 2381. Call .office. Oakland. . - ,
STATIONARY ; , engineer 'wants position;"" 10
: years' experience; steady, sober and reliable. 1
Address box 23S2, Call office, Oakland. ;.: .-¦
SITUATION wanted by experienced gardener,
t capable in all branches, as floral propagator,
¦ pruning, vegetables, orchards, vineyards,
farming, etc. : best of California and Eastern
references. Box 2264, Call office. ,
PORTER' a_d house man,: late at a first-class
"hotel In trie city; desires work In hotel, pri-
vate family or at anything; handy with tools;
wages no object; reference. Address box
.2258. Call office. , ... ¦ • ,-- ' . „ > .
GERMAN gentleman, possessing English, Span-
. ish and German," desires situation '¦ as corre-
spondent or any kind- of office work ; • knows
"shorthand and has experience In South Amer-
lcan trade. Box 2272. Call. .; ";' - -
WANTED — Position as porter, or stableman ;
understands gardening;. no objection to coun-
¦ try; colored. Address 6301 Raymond st, Oak-
land. . . . ; , •.. . . ; - ,
GOOD/ -honest,'' sober and industrious young
3 man would like to work In a grocery or cigar
store;* have got references and experience.
Address box 2300, Call office. . . -
WANTED— By . young - man of 25, position as
instructor or assistant to same in physical
.' culture. Address box 2262. Call office.
BARTENDER, formerly connected with I lead-
ing Eastern hotels, wishes position; Address
T room 35. 156 Third st~ 'A ;,-...¦.- .-:
FIRST-CLASS barber wishes to locate in' a
country town; can furnish his own chair.
• Box 2259, Call. ¦ .-.; ""'.' ,-v .•-,...."• ...•.'. :
YOUNG man wishes light work of any kind
' , In the suburbs or country; small wages ex-
: pected. Box 2257. Call office. : . -
JAPANESE, good, waiter and houseworker; if
.you want. I will come at once. . H. FRANK,
- 414 Stevenson 6t v .
RECTIFIER and wine and liquor man wants
• position. H. A. PUTZMAN. 1126 Market st
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation In the
.: country. Box 2260, Call. v >" •
CLASSIFIED advertisements' and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fiilmore.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at .1095
: Valencia st. - . - . -_ ¦ :•_ ¦.¦-¦;¦',- .-
':¦„' ;- '. ¦ vFINANCIAL. *,.-. '• ¦'-.
HAVE fifty shares of stock that is selling^at
$100 a share that I will sell cheap, as I need
: cash ; shares of one of the most solid , cor-
porations on Pacific '.Coast -Call Monday
: room 40«. 4th floor^annex to Call bldg.;S. F.
COMPANIES -promoted; guaranteed % and
• financed., stock taken In payment, for serv-
-; ices; good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished.: PACIFIC STATES, MINING
. AND . INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post st. :. i \..'
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. v . (Inc.)— Wo
¦ \ have 42 offices in operation ; new. method of
• placing : stocks and bonds; . companies ¦ lncor-
¦ porated; -stocks and bonds underwritten. -Call
-. or. address main offlce.v 507-S-9 Parrott bldg.
¦ ' F L-Al'S T0 1 LET. r ;
A— 10 TO 20 days' free rent to desirable ten-
ants • of . brand new,; 8 and 6 rooms, bath; 2
¦ grates; sunshine in every : room, : social room,
, nice yard, 4 car lines. Apply SPECK & CO.,
C67 Market st. : : .. : . ¦-; - .,.-1 ¦ j
OAK. > 1009— Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new; • never -¦ been , used; frescoed ; ceilings;
marble vestibule; ¦¦ all * modern - Improvements ;
. looking out on park: rent $37 60; can be seen
. between - 11 and 3 o'clock.^ , - - '¦.-*¦ J j '-,
FLAT, 6 rooms, $11 ; : also cottage, $10. . Key
; 623 Second st.. near: Brannan. r
FLAT of 6 rooms, with modern Improvements.
.-; 223B , Fourteenth if-.-.:. ..- - :¦ ¦¦-
NICELY - furnished flat.'- 5 -rooms; p!ano;",rent
$37. , 065 . Oak st. : 1 phoned 1109. • . ',- . ¦ -. ".
$16 — 5 SUNNY rooms; bay-window. 28^ West
'Mission st.' bef Twelfth and Brady. »; '
., FLATS . TO iLET~FURNI3HGD. . ;
$25 — UPPER^atTTl5i-TGoidcir^lte^ave?^4
- roomg, bath gas range. • etc. : nice home; 1-4-
FURNITURE FOn v SALE. < ;
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, ;$4S 50,' with No.. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market"
i.l. .- : FURlKITDUE^WAKTEb. \
WILSON buva 'alT- kinds; of * household i'-^ e'oote
- 1 1710 Market ' St. ; . tel. . South • 413. ••. ' ¦
A.l-WOLLPERT.^773 Mission st; pays' highest
;¦ price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1331
;/-.:,;V C.'.'; :-;.¦' GLOVES.' -': • ' ¦ . . I . V ';,",
D. '& : F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price ;
¦-.warranted; kept in repair. . : 121. Grant' ave.
:^. ; ,JHEL1»
MRS. M. E.DAY & CO. ... ...Phohe Main 1575
/.?- ;•.'.-.. -Vt HOTEL f DEPARTMENT.':-;..;".-;
more chambermaids ; south, j to * go Monday,
,:$20; half-fare; 25 waitresses,- first-class city
- and .< country 3 hotels j and .' . restaurants, ¦: ¦:- beet
.; i wages : ¦: 3 chambermaids s to f wait," city " and
'j country, . $20.*. . .'. . .-.- ; . . ; : '.";¦. : . ."....'; . . .-.
......... FAMILY.' DEPARTMENT — . . . : .'.
?r First-class family help of all nationalities for
¦ - city: and country . places ; best wages T '. : '. . . ; . .
<', MRS;> M. 1 ; E.> DAY & CO ¦ . r.'V. 835 Geary st. :,-
GIRL'-wanted I to assist i In ' light j housework; i no
.. ii children preferences.,; 003; Fiilmore stj; '-:¦;
WArMTED— A*- competent '".waitress ;' and \ parlor
maid; wages $25. 1015 . Gough st
: ' HELP: WASTED— FEMALE—Con.
AT.C.R. HANSEN & CO.'S.": Phone Grant 185
. .... ... hotel'. department • •.".v.trv.',
'¦ '. :: : . ;. . . : . . . . waitresses .-. — . . • — .
. £J5,. $40, head waitresses.' <^19PSW9SDSE8
$20. ;$30, restaurants and 'hotels, city, coun-
try. : , .,.'¦ . ¦ / ,- - ¦
$40,- waiter and : wife, commercial . hotel. '¦- ¦
. - .-. . -T. .'. . . . . ¦¦ CHAMBERMAIDS }. .... ... . . .'."
¦$20—4 for Southern California; half-fare paid.
Scrubbers," Southern California, half-fare paid.
;$20— Small: hotel, country/. wait 2:meals. '
$20-^-Small i place, country, wait 1 meal. .
$20— City, wait 1 meal. .- -
.:. $20— $17 50; first-class places. < city. „-
.' .; . . :". 1' .T.. ". . . : LAUNDRY HELP ". . .". . i. . .".
$15. board — Manglers.iMlMMHM&|
. . . J:..-. - FAMILY, DEPARTMENT
$:J0—- Waitress, 2 in family, country.
. $30— r City,'chm.,ito sew, same place.
$25-^-Infant's nurse.
"Cooks, housegirls, second girls; in fact, work
of all kinds for all. "Apply C. R. HANSEN
v ' & CO.; '104 Geary st." - -
A— MANGLE girl,. $20 and found; fancy Ironer,
? $30 ¦¦¦ and found, hotel. Southern 'California,
¦ half-fare ; pai|. C.^R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary, st. .;- -. • ' '¦ ¦¦ •'.; . - * \ ; ¦
A-^-WAITRESS, first-class hotel, short dls-
'tance.~$25- and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.,,104 Geary st. • ¦-• ... -¦•-:.¦ . ; '. •
WANTED-^Cook for 12 men," $25; 4 cooks,. Ger-
r man style. $30; 4, second girls,- $25; chamber-
" work, r $20 ; : nursery governess, -$25; chamber-
'.-.•¦ work and laundress, • $25; 6 restaurant "wait-
resses, .$C, -$7; '$S; -chflmberwork.v wait ' one
meal,: $20; nursegirl," $15; housekeeper, Shas-
ta County • $12 50; -40 girls for ' all ' kinds of
' housework, Oakland, Alameda and city, $20,
':'- $25, $30. ; Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 334 Sut-
' .ter St.",; .-." ';-•,¦. ¦¦¦;..'- ¦¦¦.•¦¦•.'¦::'- ' .
WANTED— First-class ' Protestant cook. - plain
wash. $30; also Protestant . second girl. ¦ $25,
'both for the same house for American family
.in Oakland; also Protestant girl for hou»e-
•work for family of 3 In .' Alameda. $30. Ap-
.yply.to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st
OPERATORS at Lev! Strauss & Co.'s Overall
. Factory; 32% ¦» Fremont st; no experience
; necessary: good pay. steady work. ' Apply, to
• MR., DAVIS. .
CAL. College of Hairdresslng and Massage; ac-
¦ knowledged: superior to all . others: every
'. branch of the trade -thoroughly and prac-
. tically ' taught , In 3 .weeks; tuition -v5; our
:* pupils , are ' our Ilvins advertisement. 'Call
- Supreme Court bldg., 305 Larkin St.; take ele.
COMPETENT girl for; cooking and general
. housework, . American family • of four; refer-
ences ;¦ wages $25. ' 1817- Vallejo; forenoons.
TWO assistants, inexperienced ' preferred. Hoo-
ver University of Physical Culture, 1327 Mar-
; ket st: : - >¦¦ ¦,'•.¦¦: ¦¦ . ¦ , ¦•¦..
WANTED— Elderly woman for. light housework
-; and cooking.- no washing, $10.'. 914 Taylor st.
YOUNG, lady, typewriter wanted at 201 Wash-
ington st, > corner Davis. , .
YOUNG girl for light housework. Call a." m.,
at 012 Fulton St. „ ,\- -. - . . ...
GIRL for general housework in a small fam-
ily. 788 Hayes st ,
WANTED — 2 girls; one for housework and one
- nurseglrl. 2643 Bryant st., near Twenty-fifth.!
GOOD ; dishwasher ¦ wanted. - 2021 Folsom st ,
, near Sixteenth. - - . ,.- . ; -¦ .
GIRL i for; light housework. 345 Jersey st,
\ near Castro. , i '*¦'_- ->\'K\ « i~-. i' L . ¦ ¦ : "
AN elderly German* lady to take. care of two
children: must have some experience as goy-
erness; state religion; salary, $30 and found.
Box 2904. Call office. : -
HAIRDRESSING," massase, manicuring taught
in 2. weeks; positions secured ;. day and eve.
¦j classes. San Francisco • Hairdressln«c : Col-
lege, 2-"53 Geary st, rooms 13-15.
SMALL girl, white or colored, to assist In light
- housework ; wages : $7.' ¦' 264 San : Carlos ave.;
..off Mission St., near Twentieth.
GIRL ''.- wanted to': assist In housework; : . good
•• .'¦ wages. •' 53,'{ Brunswick, ' Mission road ; : In-
quire Six-Mile House. >.
OPERATORS on shirt waists; good- pay.
BAUER BROS. -CO., 21 Sansome st.
GLOVEMAKERS on-welted work; large Singer
machine. ; Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.- received at Call branch offlce,2200 Fiilmore et.
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been- established at 109t;
Valencia St. .-.'.; ¦ .' ¦._.".-. . .
i HELP; AVA.NTUD— MALE.
A— MURRAY" XISaDyT^ .?!Tphone~Mal n 5S4S
. • Leading . Employment and Labor Agents.
..:.....:. office. open 7 a. M.. ...;...".;
2 brick masons forja mine.'.. .$90 and. found
.5 laborers, no experience- required, "75c fare
........... ...;. . . /. . . . . ... . . . .$34 aha found
10 plow teamsters and farm hands. .........
. ... . : . . . . . ; .......... . . . .-. . .$26 and \ $30
Boltmaker, who understands . running bolt-
making machine
- .......... ..-WOODCHOPPERS '. ...
CHEAP FARES........... NEW CAMP
. 25 woodchoppe/s and tiemakers, level ground,
. virgin- timber, ¦ 75c to ' $1 50 cord; ties 10c
each, reduced fare; 10. men handy with ax
and saw to learn to : make split and hewn
redwood ties; tools furnished. ,
. ......BUTCHERS.. HOTEL DEPT..
Block butcher, country shop.. ..$35 and found
Waiter, mining camp, $1 50 fare. .$25 and fd
. Second - cook,' $35 ; can washer, $25; starch
Ironer, $35 and found ; bakers, $40 and $35
and found. . MURRAY & READY, ti34-636
Clay st. ¦ -. -. . •
A— EXPERIENCED foreman " for a . grading
camp, • see boss here. ; MURRAY & READY,
G34-636 . Clay : at. .- . ,
CARRIAGE blacksmith; horseshoer; starcher
. and shirt polisher, $12. week and increase;
fancy Ironer, $1 50 day; young- man, handy
with tools, $10 week; American milker,- $25;
farmer and wife, $40; farmer, $25: tinner for
. country, $2 50 to $2 75 day; . slack . house
cocper, $30 to $35 and found ; carriage setter,
$60 to $75; and cooks and waiters and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ALL Boss > Barbers of San Francisco . are in-
. vlted to attend - the . first anniversary,, of the
-¦, Master Barbers'. Association, which will be
celebrated .. by a public -' Installation ~- and
•smoker at 102 O'Farrell. st,: TUESDAY
EVENING. January 14, at 9 o'clock. Enter-
. tainment and refreshments free.
' - L. CONRAD. President. -
.' S.' HELLER. Secretary M. B. A., of San
. . Francisco.
BARBERS— All members of Local 148. J. B. I.
U. of A. are hereby officially notified that
they, must pay. their December dues by Jan-
uary ! 15, 1002, or be suspended without fur-
. ther notice.' By order of executive ' board.
\ JOS. BLEILY, Sec. ;.
WANTED — Person in each county to represent
. established ,, house, • solid . financial standing;
bona fide cash ; salary ' $18 paid, each
Wednesday, with ; all expenses direct from
- headquarters; money advanced, for expenses;
inclose i self-addressed .': stamped - envelope.
; Manager, ' 329 - Caxton ; bldg; : Chicago, ' • ¦
WANTED — City liquor drummer; ? . furnish.
'. bonds; sales at. least $1500 mo.; state salary,
: including expenses. 'B. B.. box 2255. Call. ¦¦-
PAINTER - and whltener can . have part rent
free, . cottage or flat, < for services. Box 2024,
.Call office. ,..'¦-•.¦' . .- .
YOUNG f men— Learn j rapid - lettering | for : signs,
show cards,' . tickets, • etc. :" • home study ; book-
-,let free. -W. 'A. THOMPSON. Pontiac, Mich.;
WANTED— A steady man with~$100 cash; light
: business; 'will pay about $05 per month: per-
.manent. place.- 765 , Market ¦ st, '.room 3.
COAT maker 'for country. REISS BROS. &
: CO.,'24 Sutler st. ... . .
GOOD - barber, wanted • for Sunday . morning at
'405 Third st i ¦* -.-r:.
WANTED^-Dlshwasher "at ¦ 310 Montgomery,
j st ; experience necessary. ' v ¦ ' •'
$25 — PARTNER .who : can lay carpet: easy $75
,'. - month; - Investigate. : .. Box , 2921; Call office. • ,
CASH boys wanted. • S. N.-WCOD & CO. • 718
¦ ¦ Market st ¦ -. ; - •;'/¦ -' -..¦¦:.¦:. - : - ' -.
YOUNGS men to 'learn r barber trade;: catalogue
mailed, -j S.' F. ; Barber College.:741A* Howard.
SIGN.- painter. wanted to take part paint ¦ shop ;
: good location ; ' cheap ' rent •", Box 2256, , Call. •;
WANTED-^A young man familiar with quarter
vt binding. ;.Unlon Lithograph Co., 325 Sansome.'
FIRST-CLASS ; . 2-chalr barber shoD i for 'sale-'
-good ;"Apply at Call office." r'\^.i/
2 BARBERS wanted., 644 Clay st. . '
GOOD dishwasher and all-around man* wages
$7. per week. ; 1507 : Market Bt.,- near Eleventh.
BOY Uo' assist in f store and* run, errands; age
•'.'; about : 15; • references. - * 841 Mission st
STEADY-, man r with $150 cash can r make $75
, month. Apply 209 Kearny st., room 1.
DISHWASHER wanted at ' 17 ' and ; 19 Powell
; ; street.,-. "-;. ;.';•.: '••. -•'..¦'7; :-:'¦ < - - -•-/ >:¦ - - -¦ ¦
WANTED-^Expenenced t domestic salesman
: Apply *; between i 8 and 11 a. m. at \ HALE
"¦. BROS."",. -¦''".;¦¦'¦ i . , - . .¦¦.'*.'...¦¦ ¦¦¦---¦.-¦ ¦ t
WANTED-^Reliable young man with $150
« cash;; light: indoor, work; j $15 week;no expe-
• ; rlence necessary; only those having! the cash
; apply.V BROWN, 1221 Market st; .upstairs.;;
ERRAND boy ; wanted .for a r Jewelry store- ,14
.-, to 16 -years old;; must; come' well recommend-
'¦ ed/w Box 2925,5 Call; . ~ r. ' ,
WANTED-f-'A" reliable man as night, watchman
¦X and janitor, for wholesale house ; state salary,
• .- experience • and i references.*. 1 : Box ' 22G6,\ Call. ¦ ? t
FIRST-CLASS i mechanical ," ' draughtsman and
-'defclgner for. detail work on heavy machinery
¦-.'• state experience ; In ¦ detail. ;: Box 3191," ; Call. ¦•-
FIRST-CLASS | general /candy, maker I for : couni
>'+¦ try ; ' call ; between «1 : and % 2 ¦ p. • m. . Friday, and
W Saturday. Battery, st. : 4 -. : - *. ; ..- - , .^;,.>
ALL" size i men's : shoes/ slightly damaged,- half
.'Brice; ;563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.-
WANTED— Recruits for; the. marine corps, U.
- S. navy; able-bodied." unmarried men of good
character.' between the ages of 21 and 3«>; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
¦ inch; able to speak and -read English. X-or
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 -El Us st.. gan Francraca
WANTED — A competent, -qualified shoe trav-
¦ eler for Northern - California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory; state salary- and. where employed. Box
, 2279. Call office. ' ..* '' -¦
WANTED— Business men to present a good
. proposition: we want good talkers : salary.
819 Market, . room 45; room 41, Macdonough
bldg., Oakland; room 55, Porter: bldg., San
Jose.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks: tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount' this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Loa Angeles. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
'runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers In de-
- mand; only . requires S , -weeks : tools donated;
catalogue "free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, C35 Clay st. ¦
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
__to_50c. 5G3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
S-CH AIR ' barber shop for sale: good location; |
. account departure. Box 2926. Call. - '. .. ¦
Wanted — Experienced dyer and cleaner; ref-
erences required. 58.'! Mission st. . ¦
EXPERIENCED starch Ironer; also mangle
girl. Russ House Laundry.'
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
. hand shoes for sale:. 50c up. 241 Third st.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
BOc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st, nr.Sth.
PENSION atty., -E. A. Bullis, 3. 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.~G,A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary.' for ships for all parts of
'¦ the world.- HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart gt.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, .25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fiilmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S»«
Valencia st. JWfa£tHfGv0OUSKSt . -'•- - • " •¦ ¦ '
iioh>s-;n -ansi- \VAt;o>>.
DO not fall to attend the auction sale Wednes-
day. Jan. S. at 11 a. m., at the Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st. . JOHN J. DOYLE.
Auctioneer. . ,
FOR Sale— Black mare. 15 hands 1 inch; Elec-
tioneer stock; sound; kind, gentle; suitable for
lady, to drive. PETERS' Stable. 1314 Grove;
CARLOAD heavy, wagon horses: also 10 .head
good -livery horses. Santa Clara Milk Co..
721 Howard st. ; '
FOR. sale — 3-can-milk wagon; good condition;
also good horse; bargain. 1413 Alabama st.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at
HEINEMAN'S. 109 Sansome st ,.
SAND -wagon and 2 sets of harness for sale:
bargain. ¦ 3993 Eighteenth st.
A BARGAIN In good. carriage, saddle. . business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 Q. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagnn for wale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES - TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET— SAX 3IATEO.
TO let — In San Mateo. sunny 6- room house:
I large yard; 2% blocks froin station; rent $14.
Apply at C47 Fulton St.. '.San Francisco.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW, modern house, facing west: sun all day;
. large basement and yard. Waller and Por-
tola. bet. Pierce and Steiner: easy payments.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp irritation* positively
cured,, ladies or gentlemen, by medicated
massage treatment: consultation free. MR3.
HARTLAND. Hair Specialist, r. 39. 13fl Post.
LUST AX t» KOli.MJ.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th-j
name of ANNIE LYCETT or BERNARD
JOHN LYCETT, No. 232-387. The finder will
I please return to bank.
LOST — Wednesday, between Pacific and Piurce.
» Washington and Leaven worth, lady's gold
..I open face watch, engraved M. F. M., at-
tached to gold snake pin;, suitable reward.
130 Sutter st. . •
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society ot San Francisco in
the name of PATRICK PLOVER. No. 37.).-
the finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Sar-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of Edmund Johnson, No. 25S-465;
the finder will please return to bank.
FOUND — Horse and cart;, prove property and
. pay expenses. 411 Berry st
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Waich Case Co.. 220 Sutter st, needs old
gold and pilver to moke ni»w watch cases.
. - MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramenta st
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
:: -" MATRIMONIAL."
GENTLEMEN • wishing to marry ¦ wealthy
ladles send 10c for list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTltESSES AM) PILLOWS.'
TO order, also cleaned and setrilized. uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
et. : tel. Bush 421.
MtilJICAL.
DR. O' DONNELLY- All .who are sick and In ;
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines rave been used for many years by I
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases bava j
. been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: ill classes of female complaints
treated: ruief^to the longest cases. DR. O.
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St. opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladies' specialist;
' 30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
. teed: home before and during - confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor
MRS. KOHL, specialist.' 410 O'Farrell st .
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business ;
home In confinement 210 Eddy st. near
Taylor, forroily of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. GOODWIN. - ladies' physician: 25
years* ¦ ruccess'ul experience In S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 90B Market st. opp. Fourth.
LADIES, consult the original . MRS. DA VIES
B at the old office, 1228 Market st; 30 years'
1 experience in obstetric and other cases.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVD3S* original
. method of treatment: maternity home: home
In confinement. 1126 Market st. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
* specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADY patrons— Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama
St.. near 26th: avcicl delay; same low fees.
DR. NO TOY KEE,' 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Sciuare: all diseases cured by herbs.
" ¦.-,--• ' MINING. ~~- ~
"WANTED — Gold and copper mines; also good
prospects. HOLLEY, 415 Montgomery.
MISCEl.I,A>t!:o»iy--FOH^8AI,E.
BOILERS* engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
:, INTOSH & WOLPMAN; 195-197 Fremont at.
FOR sale , cheap— Several good cooking staves
6, 7, S and No. 30; 1 steel range, with high
shelf; 1 8-ft.. brick range; 1 6-ft brick range.
At WM. LOANE. 439 Fifth st.
A — BUYS.' sells or : rents gear,' machinery, en-
-"• gines, boilers; water pipes. ¦ shafting, pulley**
. et3. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st - -..-'
FOR sale — Fine steel range; cost $43; or trade
for. light wagon, gun or turning lathe. 1C31
1". -Grove st. Oakland. .-
LOT , 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; • also new
- lot belting;' half price of. regular goods. II. i
S. WHITE. 516-520 Mission st.
GENT'S ' black suits for mourners rented for- i
-$2 CO. Misfit Clothing 1 Parlors, 23 Stockton
_/,st, upstairs. "... - r * ;
A— $3 60 DjCRBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters," 330 Kearny St., near Pine. 1 ;
FINE suits.. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
¦ CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery, st.
FOR sale — 1*4 -horsepower gas.'engire in good
, order. W*M. LOANE. ,439 Fifth s^
WANTED—^Five '* square pianos, -good 'for
" ? schools. ¦ ;" BYRON MAUZT. 308 Post st , .-. -
BOATS.' launches, row boats : carried > In stock
WEAKER & HAMILTON. ,.1 ' .]
FAIRBANK'S 10- tori" hay. scales: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect; order. 210 California st'|
OLD Schweitzer violin;' 1810. ; worth $250, only
-: $90. Portland Loan Office,* 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE I diamond earrings." $22 50. - ' Port-
jland Loan Office, 25'Stockton st. .;".
26-INCH ¦ full dress suit case, . leather lined $0
¦ 'Misfit Parlors,". 23 Stockton st
WALLPAPER, -3c a" roll; 'paper hanging etc
. - MERJGAN. 1302 Webster; tet ' Jacksoa 13£L I
Vft«CKi:r.»-vF:«»r!»— for *r -e — c«w.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
¦ ¦ J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 a™^";,, ° n a t^ :
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteentn.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
. JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Foat st.
miSCELMNKIUiS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Uth st.; tel. Jessie 2851.
WANTED— A few diamonds: will pay cash
orders at once. Box 2973. Call office.
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothing Dousht
& sold. Silverman. OS* Folsom.tel.Folsomliat.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. '23 Stockton.
jio.\i;y to loa.\.
HERMAlTlSuRPHYr^OS Examiner building.
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
i •¦''.". r... on first and second mortgages ......
Life Interests in estates
. .. Property being held in trust
Undivided interests in real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates In probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
-*".. ...If You Need Money •
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300, OCO at 5% & 6 per cent In sums to suit:
City. Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 502-t. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7tn fioor, Crocker big.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R McCOLGAN
.........24 Montgomery at., room 3.. .......
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room lb.
1st floor. Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established In .1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
- Office. 9 Grant av., nr. Mkt.; tel. Black 54«1.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1CO3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest, rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84fl
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgage at ft per cent per
, annum. MORRELL. 6OO Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any amt.; low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. S01 Jonea.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age ; reliableparty : 1170aiarl_______ro_m_S.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages. & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 927 Market 3t.
$10 us on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
j>arty. St. Ann's bldg.. 0 Eddy. rm. 72, 4th flr.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room SI. 6 Eddy.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal; no.
commis. ;- confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dls-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
' strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister at.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without indorser; other proposi-
tions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bljr.
LOANS money en salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. H09 Phelan bUis.
MONEY WANTED.
$3000 WANTED fcr.stx months; rood secur-
rty; will pay 1 per cent. Box 2252. Call.
MUSICAL l.NslltLiMK.'i .S.
THE finest and best assortment of pianos ever
shown lr the city is to be seen 'In our ware-
rooms; what is better, we are selling them at
such low prices that you cannot afford to no
elsewhere: every instrument fully warranted
to be just a» we represent and we look after
and keep them In order. We have the WIss-
ner. Decker & Son, Baumeister, Steser and
. Singer for you to select from and the -pries
will be made satisfactory; you are accom-
modated with easy payments if you desire.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7K9
Market st. >>
AGAIN we remind you Inat our piano stock,
. both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most rellabl«
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
ea&y payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter rts.. San Francisco; cor-
cer Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos. '
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Fianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
EPIELMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 303-310-312 Post »L
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— "
Second-hand upright planoa from |53 up.
Second-hand cquare pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new uprtgr<t
pianos from $175 up. EENJ. CTTRTAZ .«
eON, 10 to 20 O'FarrelL Chlckering. Maaos
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited If purchased:
installments $3 up: big allowance for old
pianos: bargains $25 up In Steinways, Heine
Checkering, etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO
217 Geary st.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $S5: sIx-oct&T*
Mason & Haxnlin organ. $35: Steinway
cquare. $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275: Bech-
rteln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS*
SON. 23 Fifth St.: IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken .back any tuna
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLF.R & CHASE. 30 O'Farrill
tt.: established 1S5O.
A STECK. Everett, Hardraan. Ludwlg. Pack-
ard. Klnssbury or Smith & Barnes piano
.can only be bought from THE WII^IT B.
ALLEN CO.. 033 Market st. Popular prices!
Easy terms!
OUR piano?, tho leading makers; price $100
upward; value* best In the city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th ft Church
A— SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos: dlr*
cheap. WILSON'S Storage. ,1710 Market it.
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st. *
Sacrifice account- unforeseen circumstances, up-
rtght piano, magnificent tone. case. 543 Turk.
$150— ON sale, upright grand; cost $800; mak»
cash offer." - Room 3rt. 217 Geary st.
$175— A RARE chance;. fins upright
PCHMTTZ. 1ft McAllister, next Hibernia Bk.
$17S— ?CHLEIP " upright, excellent condition,
$7.%: Krarfl upright. Hornqng. 21CJtcAIHater.
SUPF.K1OR violins, xithers. o?d and new. H.
• : MTILLETt. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk at., near Market—
Fr-nnlne^r SchnTwt »»l st»1"-w»Tr hnreain*.
SEW HYGIEXIC TREATMENT.
DR ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York,
has . permanently located at- €07 Van Ness
ave.: hcura 10 to 12. 2 tc 4: phone Polk 1421 .
OFFICES AM» STORKS TO- LET.
LARGE. glass front store, 3 Ilvinr rooms
yard, etc. -M2 Sixth st: rent |28. SICK-
ELS. 6 Geary st.
STORE 30x30. with basement 40x80; location
¦•• center of whoWale Iron and machinery trade
Ar.r.Tv at 14-t Fir^t »t. -
OIL. ;; —- —
OIL tanks. . second-hand, in good order- all
• sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. Riff Mlyalon st;
PAUI1ST1JV. ~~ "
G. L. Neergaard. president St. Germain Co£
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2O.'«.
H. JHIOME FORELLI. scientific palmist 315
Taylor st.. bet. Ooary and Post: tel. Black 561.
AXD l'ENSIOXS.
PEN^Io7T^cMcTlree7~general prlctUIo^
Gen.- D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
l;MMMi AM) TITRMXC; MIU.1 .
WOOD and Jvory turning, ¦ Planing. . ShapJn«
and Sawimr. CARL F. HAAS. SO FremoaUMISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
L Ang R Ss.119 12C4 S P of Ar 6s ¦
LA Light 5s.lft3% — (1909) ;.... Ill tf '—
Do gtd CsilOO — ¦¦' (1910) ... .112%
•Do gtd 5s. 102 103 S P of Cal «s . ¦
L A & P 5s.. 09 . — , (1905)Sr A.- — 108%
,,, D olcm5s. — , ¦—¦ ¦ (1905)Sr B.108%109%
Mkt-st C 6s.l25 \ — • (1906) 111 III14,
Do lem 5s.l21 122 V4 (1912) . : ; : — 121 •
•M R Cal 6s.lO9tt v — y S P Ca.1 1st
.Do 5s..... 121% — c gntd 5s. UQ - —
N Pac C 5s. 105 — g p BrCal6s.l36% — '
N Cal R 5s.ll2%llJ% S V Wat 68.112 —
Oak Gas 5s.. 113%. — ; Do 4s..... 103 •'— ' :
Trns 6s.l21 122 -Do 4s 3dm.l01%101%
' Do 1st cSs.KKHillOH stkn Gas 6s. 102% —
Dak W. g 5s. — .-.103% < .¦ ¦¦ '. '
. ' -. ' i WATER STOCKS. - : ' : ,
Contra Costa 73. 74% Port Costa '. ''. 63 « 66
Marln Co. ...'58; ,— , Spring Val.:' 85% —
- K . '. • ' GAS t AND • EX.ECTRIC. : ; "
Cent L & P.'. 2% / .2% j Pac Light.'. . — 52Vi
G L Co. 3% 33i'Saeramento'. — . 35
Mutual ......— 5 Js F G & E.. 40Vi 41 '
OOL4H.51 ./. — • San Fran:.. 5^ -1 .
Pac Gas Imp 35. 40 ' Stktn G & E 8 : — '¦¦">
*','-V / r- -INSURANCE.'--' :•.'*¦* '¦"¦¦ ' *'
Flrem's Fnd.247% — ./ . . l -_-'.'- '¦'•¦:^^i^
[¦ '. . ' : - '.' : 'banks. ¦ ¦,:'-;¦-
Anglo-Cai: .. 80 .S2t4 L P & A.'.. .167% 169 3
California ..420 430 -.Mer Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Bafe-Dp.112.v-— .V s f Natlonl.137% — '
First Natnl..325 350 I • i
SAVINGS BANKS. /
German ' . . .1925 — Sav & Loan. — *90 s
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav. 305 S50
Mutual isav. 66 — UHlon Trst.1900 2500
..,; STREET RAILROADS.
California .".150 ~ — •:- Market ..... 90 92^4
Geary ... — 50^ Presidio .... 36 —
. ! '• ¦•'••. . POWDER.
Giant ..I.;'.-. 80% 80%)Vigorit .i... 4% i%
.- ¦¦ • k" •¦¦.¦ SUGAR.;- ..¦.'• -."/¦; ¦¦• : • .-.
Hana '." .. — 4% Kllauea . .'. . • 0% 11%
Hawaiian .. 34 40 Uakaweli ...2«% 27
Honokaa ...10 11 Onomea . .. . 23U — .
Hutchinson . 14% — Paauhau .... 10% 10%
..MISCELLANEOUS, • - : •'
-Alaska Pack. 173 174 >' Oceanic SCo. 39% 45 :
Cal Fruit As. 95 ~liS% Pac A F A.. 2% —
«il Wine As. 06Vi-07 Pac C Borax. 165 ¦•'¦
Mer Ejc Asn.110 : :— Par Paint... 15 . —
.•.;¦-¦...¦ Morning Session. ' ' ' ' '
$59,000 North Pacific; Coast 5s....."..: 105 00
• 60 Market-street Railway Co ' 91 00
R 30 Makaweli :. : . :??. . ............. .-.-.• 27 00
Afternoon Session. . ' :
$2000 Oakland Transit 5s ........... .109 62%
$10,000 North Pacific Coast 5s. .. ... .;105 00
$1000, United States 4s old coupon. . .Mil 75
$2000 S P of Cal 5s '......•..%;.. ......no 25 '
100 Equitable , Gas ......'...;... ¦ . 3 60 "
i 10 Hutchinson' 8 P Co. ............ .Il4 62V4
'20 Hutchinson S P Co .11 50
¦ '55 Giant ¦ Powder Co '.....; ; . . . SO 50 ¦ • •
, 1U0 Oceanic S S Co ....'.........¦.',.. 40 00
; ' PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. '
• .' Morning- Session.
V ' ! .-.Board — . .. ¦.,-..-•.-.¦•. '¦•* . : /- ." . ' ¦
I . 5 Hanford .' ......*....... 91 00 '
v 1' Hanford ¦•'. ; .:...; .....'...;....¦...' 92 00 |
" 1 Hanford, b 90 ....,..'.... V..94 00.
600 Monarch^bf Arizona, ..,.....:..,¦ 20.'
/'100 Monarch of Arizona, s 90.'.. ".;'.... ¦ 19 "
250 Occidental of f,W<Va "¦. ...v. ...... 22-.
1000 Reed ' Crude ,..:...;..: ; . -.' 37 i ,
, ¦ . -..-. Street— -¦-. ', ¦¦ \ . - -. . . " :
2000 Oil City, Petroleum 22 •',
x ..'• Afternoon Session. ¦ ',- "•¦ ' j J,
' : " Board — ¦-*¦" , ¦¦ :<
; • 1' Hanford . . . ; . ..'..........•.;.. '.....¦. 91 ; oo ?',
'.'100. Homie ...............'..;......... 3 55 '
j 100 Senator .... ". : .' .' . : .% ; . '. v. .-; .;....'¦- 67
,100 Sterling . ....;.7.'..-;;.. 1 15 .-.
. ; . . mining; stocks.'. ¦' .' ' '
. .The /following were '-the sales 'on the San
Francisco . Stock and • Exchange , Board yester
day: -:. ¦ ¦¦' ;¦..: ' '¦ ¦ . • .• . > "'. '¦¦ ' ¦¦¦ ;-.':¦ : - .,
.¦(;••-¦•.•; '• - . Morning* Session..'.; '-. 0 '¦: ",• ,-.
'¦ 800 Chollar ....'.; '09 -20C Occidental ... '12
I 200 Con Cal & Va:l 65 500 [Overman-.".
r 100 Gould & Cur.; , 07 100 Potosl .; »'..:.' • : }e
2000 Hale & Nor.'. .- 32 300 Slenra Nevada '21
¦ 600 Hale & Nor.. -33 .lOOUtah: ...:.-... . 00
'.:¦. '• ,; Afternoon ;. Session. 1 ¦ ; ? .• • -
300 Mexican'.'..". '.*<- 35 ;200 Bierra' Nevada 20
100 Gould & Cur. .08 100 Utah ...... 0C
I 200 Beet & Belchr'12 300 Overman .... -I"
.', 200 Savage ...... 07 200 Union ........' i 15
i 500 Potosl . . . . : . . ¦ 14 100 Silver Hill. V. ; : 47
- '. The following were the sales on • the i Pacific
Stock . Bxchange yesterday: ,, "* - k . ; *
¦ '' } ¦ '.vr. 1 " v Morning ; Session. '. ¦'¦-. .
'.300 Best ABelchr '12 700 Overman .'.'.. 12
1000 Bullion . ; . . .*; GS 200 Savage '..'. ; . . . 08
200 Con Cal & Va.l 65 1700 Savage .:..".. 09
1700 Hale & Nor., ;32 800 Sierra Nevada" 21
¦ 200 Mexican ..... 30 300 Sierra Nevada '20
¦i 100 Occidental . :r. , 10 ' 100 Silver r Hill ... 7 47
- ; 200 Ophlr ........ .89 .800 Union! ....... 16
' ;: ,,•"'-¦' Session. ' " v .
200 Best & Belchr 12 "200 Mexican ..... 35
100 Con Cal & Va.l 05 106 Ophir ......... 8T
300 Gould & Cur.. -08 '300 Potosl f.;;v;.%, :< 15
: 200 Mexican.... ...UM 200 Union :....;.. 15
~- CLOSING .QUPTATIONSi .
"''-. FRIDAY," Jan. 10— 4 * p. • mrt- '•
: 'Bid.Ask'. ''• ' N .v Bid. Ask.
Alpha ...,...' 01 02 Justice ...... 05' 06
Alta .¦......'..- 05 OS Kentuck .....'' 01 -02
Andes . . : : : . T. . 01 02 Lady Wash , * 01 . ' —
Belcher ......:! 11 .13 Mexican...;.. 33 ;- 34
Best*& Belch. 12 13 Occidental .... " 09 . 11
Bullion ....... 02 (M Ophir ;.......'. 85 '• 86
Caledonia, r- • • 25 ; i 26 Overman -..*.;'. . 11 :. 12
Challenge Con. ; 13 15 Potosi. ...-."¦... <14 • 15
1 Chollar ::'..,."; 07 OS Savage •".". •'. .'. * 07
Confidence .¦. . .'•" 59 - ' — Scorpion '. . .'. .¦ 4 — ; ui
Con Cal & V.I' 60 1-65 Beg Belcher :. ©3 ; 04
Con/ Imperial. "'01' 02 j Sierra -Nevada ;19 ' 2O
Con New .York 01. . — jSIIver-Hill .;. >47 40
;Crown" Point. .09 :-. 10 St.* ; Louis,-. ...03 -. 06
"Eureka .Con;. ! 20. -—Standard ...... ~ 3 60
Exchequer . . . — ' (12 . Syndicate \ '.'.' . ", 06 • «17
Gould A Curry 07/ .08. Union Con '..V • 15 '-16
: Hale & Nor. .':' 29 ,: 'M Utah : . . . .' . . . ; \ 04 A-. O5
Julia^.^.y:yv;_ -, oitYcllow. Jacket: OS^ua"
Knights of Honor Lodges.
B. K. George, D. G. D., assisted by'R.
A. A. Summers as guide; has installed the
following named as officers -of Norman
Lodge of the Knights. of Honor: ' . .¦'¦
; H. Monash, past dictator; . M. H. Hirshfeld;
dictator; Julius Morris, vice dictator; D. Davis,
assistant dictator; J. Gans. reporter; P. J.
Joyce, financial reporter; J. Maas, chaplain; J.
Welkins, guide; - L Michaels, ¦ guardian; A.
Selig, sentinel. ... .
The following named officers of Saxon
Lodge were installed by Grand Dictator
Archibald and a staff of grand officers: .
A. J. Moore, past dictator; 'John D. Learned.
dictator: C.\A. McKay, vice dictator; E. Kauff
man, assistant dictator; A. Holtzseld, -reporter;
J. G. Kelly, financial reporter; P. I* .Archi
bald, treasurer; J. B. Griffith, chaplain; Wil
liam Stathan, guide; John Brodle, guardian;
William Willoughby, sentinel; Holtzeld, Sta
than and Griffiths, . trustees. ¦ . •..
Deputy George and M. I* Crowe, as
grand guide installed the officers of Yo
semite Lodge: ¦ -. • ¦"¦-; "
Charles ¦ Muller. past dictator; ¦ I*. Solomon,'
dictator; ' Max Magner, vice dictator;, C."B.
White, assistant dictator; G. A. Folsom. re
porter; J. D. Martin, financial reporter; M.'M.
Feder, treasurer; . I. 'Friedman, chaplain; John
McLaughlln,' guide; .Paul Simon, sentinel;- G.
A. Wilson, I. Friedman and John McLaughlln.
trustees. , ' .' ,
After the installation in this lodge a col
lation and cigars were served. - ¦
The officers of, Leland ! Stanford Lodge
were Installed by Grand Dictator Archi
bald, assisted by« Grand 'Reporter John
stone and Representative Crowe:
! R. ' J. Sands, past dictator; ' A.V Strohmelr,
dictator; G. L. "Keller, vice dictator; J. Garrod,
assistant dictator;* J. J. Beran, reporter; A.
Morris, treasurer! C. Wahl, : chaplain; R. JJ
Sands, guide; A.- Schoenwald, . guardian ;' A.
Bach," sentinel; . Schoenwald,. Sands and T.
Ewald,' trustees. •. ;
Ancient Order of Foresters.'
The following named officers': of Court
Occidental of . the Ancient Order of For
eeters were installed by -Deputy • High
Chief Ranger, E. A. Gilbert, assisted by
Alexander Nicholson: •¦' "
: ; A. E. .Whit*.'' .chief ranger; . W. ¦ 3. Yarrow,
sub-chief: ranger;. J. r H. Horwood, ¦ treasurer;
J. . Henderson, financial . secretary: William
Wallace, recording secretary; W. J. Bios,' senior
woodward ; J. •• O. " Brown, Junior woodward ; J.
C. Alrd. senior .beadle; Joseph Baker, junior
beadle; trustees— :D. E. Besecker. W.' Ring and
J. C. Clark. ,. , . ' •¦ . . • •
The'reports of this court. show that it
has in its sick and funeral" fund; $10,006,
management f und ~ $975 and 'benevolent
fund ¦ $614— total ¦ $11,415. The membership
Is 223. • After , the installation there 'was a
collation and congratulatory speeches.- - -
Deputy High Chief. Ranger, Regan has
installed the following officers of Court
Star of the Mission: . ¦ . ¦:">-: \
' S. J."' Severance, past 'chief 'ranger; Thomas
Johnstone, chief ranger; G.W. Scott, sub-chief
ranger;. William Cashman, financial secretary;
George J. Hansen Jr., recording - secretary ;
George- J. • Hansen Sr., '. treasurer; •'• R. Curtis,
senior, and C. Luttinger,' junior woodward: "M.
Sass, "Junior beadle; Henry Warren, organist.
1 'A fine "enameled- and , gold emblematic
charm was presented to . Mr. Severance,
the retiring chief ranger.
B'ne B'ritb. Lodge.
Grand President George Samuels has In
stalled the following named as officers of
California Lodge of the Order of % B'naJ
B'rith for the current term: " ¦ :'• ¦
¦" , " Henry / Reddlck, president ; : Phil ¦ I. - Mansen, ¦
vice president; J. Israelsky, secretary;- M. Gar
ren, treasurer; Louis R. Goldberg, assistant
monitor; Herman Ebers, warden; N. H.'Hlrah
feld, outside guardian, and H. Rubin and Simon
Wolf, * trustees. ¦.< ' '¦'¦¦ ' "¦ ¦ - :.-.. ¦ ¦ ¦.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued ! from Page Twelve.
During the evening L. C. Cull, the re
tiring- master, was presented by District
Deputy Grand Master Workman Julius
Meyer with; a beautiful -badge of the rank,
of past master, and the recipient made a
feeling response.- " • w > -,;¦ • -
L. C. Cull, ' past master workman ; I William
F. Hattabaugh, master workman; Hans An
tonsen, foreman; H. A. Gallagher, overseer; Lt.
IK. Cull,' guide; Frank Norton, recorder; Georg:©
"W. Crowlejy financier; W. ' |>. Saywell.' re
ceiver; James | Dougherty, ;. inside, and . R.
Ahern, outside watchman. •' . - . . '. • >
g The following named officers of Alta
Lodge of- the Ancient Order of United
Workmen have been installed for the cur
rent term, the ceremony having been per
formed in a most creditable maner by
William Hansen, district deputy grand
master workrqan, assisted by S. Kelso of
Falrmount Lodge as past grand - master
workman, D. Hurley, of the same lodge as
grand foreman, J. Foley of Harmony
Lodsje as grand foreman and. J. Meyer of
Washington Lodge as grand guide.
Dr. F. W. Harris, pest master workman; J.
C. Tllden, i master workman;. W. "W. Allen Jr.,
foreman; H. L. Eldridge, overseer; . Lew-B.
Douglass, guide; George Nollman, inside, and
Olaf Erlckson, outside . watchman. ;
'There was a social hour for the mem
bers and visitors after the ceremony.
¦ The following named have been Installed
as the officers of Valley Lodge of the Ari
cient Order of United- Workmen by.Dis
trict Deputy Grand Master Workman Gus
Pohlman, assisted by a full gorps of act
ing grand officers: ;¦ ¦¦•;'"
Workmen' Lodges.
; Ernst von- Beiberstein, a' private soldier
at the Presidio ;\ died yesterday - morning
in the Presidio Hospital' from - injuries re
ceived bv being bruised by a car, of . the
> Union-street line on the previous evening.
Von Beiberstein was riding on the dum
my at 11:45 p. m/v-and when the "car
reached the intersection of, Baker and
Union streets: he Jumped' off -the-4ummy
whiler the , car was, In motion * and : fell
across the track. . The gripman,- Patrick
O'Connor, succeeded In stopping Ithe car
before the wheels ran over the prostrate
soldier , but , Von i Beiberstein was jammed
between the wheel and the rail and re
ceived the injuries that caused. his death.
Gripman O'Connor was 'arrested-yester
day and -charged with manslaughter. He
was . released on depositing $50 cash bail.
juries Received Through' His
if.i" Own- Carelessness. ' - ! .
Private Von Beiberstein Dies v of . InV
SOLDIER JUMPS OFF
cab. : to ;:ms; death
Nelll's- straight lefts and his right; up-^
per-cuts battered Donovan a good' deal, 1
but he could not reacH the chin squarely
with his right. .-¦; *• ,
.-• Donovan fought for the body almost en
tirely ' and ) landed some ' good • < lefts on
Neill's ribs. -Neill. appeared to be in fine
condition and did not tire as much as his
opponent. .- Harry: Stewart -refereed , the
match, but had little to do as both men
were disposed to ' fight clean and gave no
offense ¦ to the crowd in anything that
looked like a foul... • ' ." - . « -.
: Clyde Burnham and Kid . Solomon went
six rounds < to a . draw; | as also did ' Tom
Riley . and Jack ' Woods. • The flght ' was
managed by the Century Club and was
witnessed by a good crowd. ; ¦!•-,."• ,.»
LOS ; ANGELES, . Jan. 10.— Boxer ': Al.
Nelll grained the decision over Mike Dono
van ' to-night | after : twenty j rounds | of 1 fast
and. Interesting fighting. Neill forced the
pace ? all : the -way and ; tried ¦ hard j for" a
knockout; but Donovan took a lot of beat*
ing and always came back for more.
In the -fifth, round Donovan caught Nelll
flush on the point of the Jaw with a. short
right • hand hook.", and . the - San Francisco
man .went down hard. ; He. took the count
of four seconds and came up clear-headed,
finishing the round strong. This was the
only, time during the entire twenty rounds
Donovan, looked like a'Winner. *<!j -•" *- '•"
The niusic incidental to the . ceremony
was furnished by - the ! Mission Chapter
Quartet, R. D.- Burness^E. C. • Boysen,
Alexander Mennie and J: E. Jones. --.The
proclamation of installation was followed
by the presentation to Andrew Christen
sen, the retiring: high priest, of a. case of
silver tableware, after which there was a
banquet that was partaken of by 140 com
panions. The feast was followed . by
speaking on various topics by Past High
Priests Jacob H. Neft and Franklin H.
Day, William H. Jordan. W. H. Cobb, P.
D. Code,- James A. Wilson and A. M. Cox,
P. H. P. During the repast there were
vocal selections by the; members of the
quartet , r ¦;. .
A. Mlddleton Cox. M. E.. high priest: J.-M,
Peel., killer H.-C- Bunker, scribe; C; Hell wig.
treasurer; J. B». Hlllman, - secretary ; JDewey
Coffin, captain of the host; -E. F. .Eastman.
principal eojourner ; I R. 8. AJlen, Royal [ Arch
Chapter; uW. K. -• Murray, master of the third
vail ; . M. : J. Falrfleld. master of the second
vail; It. E. Lane, master o£ - the . flrst valU
James E.- Parmelee." sentinel, ' and -R: D. Bur
ness. . organist. - ' '¦-.', .
-'- The 'officers of Mission Chapter of .the
Royal' Arch Masons [were Installed on the
night o£ the $tfc inet., in : Mission Ma*onlc
Hall,:by Most .BxceUcnt Past High Priest
Franklin: H. Day, assisted by P. D.-. Code,
past high priest, aa' master of ceremonies.
The new officers are: : .,..' ' •;
Tokens of Appreciation Pre
1 sented-to "Those L©av- ';
N ing Chairs.
Clever Oalifornian Welter
•weigrht Too. Past' for: /;
- His Opponent;
For the: Second Time
He Outpoints /'Mike"
Donovan.
Yarious : Lodges/. Are
Made^ Busy /^ith This :
1 Annual 'Work: ¦
DECISION GOES
TO AL NEILL
NEW OFFICERS
ARE INSTALLED
Patriotic Services to Be Held at First
Street.
Christian Church, on 1 Twelfth
.., There will be a, flag presentation service
at '< the V First ; Christian ; Church, '¦_ Twelfth
street, between 5 Howard * and * Mission,'-" on
Sunday evening:, 'January 19." A" largo silk
American * flaig * will - be ¦ presented * to ~ the
Rev.' Dr.- Frank S. Ford; by .those of ithe
congregation > who ¦ ' are iveterans . ; r>t I the
Spanish- American • War. i and ' the - Philip
pine ; insurrection.;?.;; V^J.y •':; ; '¦: ¦:¦¦ v. :.
¦j Dr.. Ford : now f hae: a : small silkiflag'.on
the ; altar of '- the ; church and the war vet
erans replace -It with.; a p larger^one.
Members r of - t the : National , Guard,-' Junior
Order of American Mechanics, 1 , Daughters
of - Liberty; ; soldiers ¦¦. now « serving i in i the
army or those who] have 'been discharged,
end \bluejackets are i invited i to attend the
ceremony. • .: . . -., '.=¦-..>,, .-..•-,
WILL ; PRESENT -PASTOR
WITH: A NEW SILK FLAG
THE ;SA^jFR^NClSGOj ;CAIJi;|tS^TURpAY, JANUARY 11, 1902.
13
FORD-:In" San Jose, January . 10, 1902, Ed-
- ward Ford, >a* native . of ' England/, a»?ed 39
; : . years." ¦>••. ¦- ; ';---¦.' : ''.•.'.'•: ¦•• •'•¦ .- •'•>¦•.•-:/; ' ; - •¦ ¦ • . . ;
."."."¦'¦•• IC^Notlce ; of .funeral . hereafter. , -
GIBBS— In ' Oakland, January : 9; • 1902, ¦ James,
- husband of ¦ Margaret " Gibbs, ¦ late of -¦ Van-
: couver, B. C, a native of Canada,; aged 4T
.^years.: -. ; ."•-''„••.••" ' •¦']'-: ., -¦¦ • .:• .-¦;;„•.-.• '..'.•'.:;•-;"
GILMOUR— In .'this , 'eity,/ January 10.V 1902,-
.' . George . D.', beloved husband . of • Sarah - Gjl-
: mour, and father : of 4 George, v John, William
. ar>d Andrew Gllmour.and'Mrs/,W. H.- French,
'a native of Paisley, Scotland, aged 71 years
4 months and' 17 days. ¦•:.¦ . -=-.-v .-¦ .. y ... ...¦¦.
; C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
;',- fully invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late res l-
d«nce," 263 1 Harriet street, < between ' Harrison
. and Bryant. , Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
; .tery. ... '.- », : - < f\-. j -. ¦ -"¦;¦,¦ -¦.»¦-¦ .; ' :/. ¦ •_
GOLDBERG— Relatives -'and "friends ¦ are in-
B vlted ¦ to attend the setting of -the tombstone
• - of the late Daniel -' Goldberg - at the • Salem
Cemetery, Sunday, January 1 12, 1902. Train
leaves Third and Townsend . streets at 11 :30
: o'clock. .;;¦-- '::.¦¦¦; ¦ .•- .-.--.-..•«> ;' ; i
GREANY— In this city, . January '9, 1902,
- HenrvJ. -Greany of South San -Francisco, be-
loved brother ; of F.-- J. Greany, and Mrs. K. •
, Fetereen, - a native ' of California, ' ag-ed 21
years 10 months and 4 days. v A member ¦ of
Live Oak Iiodee No.' 67.: P. of A. -' - •-.-• '¦
'- cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock,, from the Masonic
"...Hall,- Fourteenth and , Railroad avenues,
South San Francisco, where. funeral services
will be held under the auspices of Live Oak
Lodge No. tit,'- F. of A. Interment Laurel
• . Hill : Cemetery.^: Remains af: the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street.
THE officers and -members of Court Live Oak
' -£ 0 ;, 67 ' FVof Al - wln ass emble at their hall,
- Railroad and Fourteenth avenues, to-morrow
," (Sunday), at. 12:30 o'clock,. to attend the fu-
¦ neral of . our late ¦ brother, ¦ Henry J.- Greany.
By order N • P. L. KRUGER. C. R.
J. C, OBRION. R, ; S.
HAWKINS~In; the City and County Hospital,'
January 10, 1902/ William J. Hawkins, a
native of New York, aged -78 years. • ¦ ¦> ¦ • •
HENRY— In this ' city, January 9, 1902 ; John
P., beloved . brother of Charles and the late
George i Henry, ! and brother-in-law of Mrs.
Kate Henry, a native of San Francisco, aged
37 years. , A member: of A. 0. H. No. 14,
Mission Council No. 3, L Y. ' M. I. ; Fraternal
Order of Eagles No. 5; -Mission Parlor No.
. 38. N. 1 S. G. W.. and ; K. • R. B. • "
¦ '. CTFrlends and acquaintances are respecl-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at . 1 :30 o'clock, . from the parlors
1 of MtFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 MU-
. sion street. .: Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
THE officers and . members of , the Ancient
Order of- Hibernians are hereby, notilled to
attend the funeral of our late State and
County Treasurer, John I P. Henry; from the
.undertaking parlors of McFadden, • McBrearty
& Green, 1171 Mission street. Members will
. assemble at Hlbernia Hall, 120 Ninth street,
to-morrow (Sunday), at -12 o'clock . noon.
Regulation badge will be worn. ¦ By order Of
.'; . • J.J.DONAHUe, Co. Pres.
P.. J. KELLEHER, Co.' Sec.
MISSION Council No. 3, Y. : M. I. — The offl-
• " cera and members of Mission Council No.' 3,
Y.' M. I., are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our deceased' brother, "John P.
Henry, from the .funeral parlors of McFad-
den, McBrearty & Green, 1171' Mission Etreet,
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock..^^ l
. CHARLES G. WILLEY. President.'.-'
D. J. MOYNIHAN. Secretary. . :
McGUIRE— In this city. January 10,-1902.
,. Jennie M., beloved and only daughter of
John J. and Mary E. McGuire, • and - niece
of Mrs. C. J. Fox,' a native' of San Fran-
cisco, aged 10 years 10 months and 20 days.
McKINLEY — In this city,' January 10, 1902,
William J.', beloved eon of Archibald and
Margaret McKinley, and brother of John C,
C. D. and Mary McKinley, a native of For-
est Hill, Cal., aged 22 years. >. v '
B^Remalns at the funeral parlors of Bun-
ker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street, ' between
: Twenty-second and Twenty-third, Mission
Masonic Temple, until 4 o'clock p.- m. to-
. day- (Saturday). H Interment . at- Forest Hll!,
. Cal. :-,-,- .....
MEYER— In- this city, January 8, 1902,- Charles
Meyer," beloved brother of Mrs. C. Lehmann,
' Mrs. E. Klein, Mrs. A. . Heyer and George
Meyer,; a native of Drackenburg*, Germany,
, aged 68 years 2 months and 24 days... „¦ .- .
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral -to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from - the funeral
' parlors of H.-F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via elec
trie car from Eighth and Harrison streets.. '•
OAKLEY — In Vallejo, January 9, 1902, Sam-
| uel A., beloved son of Gilbert H. and Louisa
A. Oakley, and brother of Charles E. Oak-
ley, a native of Napa, aged 18 years.
C7"The funeral will | take place this (Sat-
• urday) , afternoon, • at 3 , o'clock, . from the
. steamer Geheral Frlsbie, ¦ at Mlssion-atreet
pier, thence to the crematory at Odd Fel-
: • lows' Cemetery.; . . , : • - '. :
O'BRIEN — In .this city, "January 10, 1902,
Frank, beloved husband' of 'Katie O'Brien,
stepfather of William. and Emma Hartnett.
brother of the late John - O'Brien and j Mrs.
Charles Aregger, and stepbrother of Thomas
.Moran, a native of .San Francisco, ased 88
.-_ years. .-•. '¦ • -- * .- -- - - -. ;v ¦.?.•:< . .... : ¦-
tn?" Friends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, '.from his. late resi--
• dence, 185 Harriet street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church ¦ for services at 12:oO o'clock.
. Interment ¦ Holy Cross Cemetery. . .. '
O'KEEFE — In this city. January 10. 1902,'
John, : beloved husband . qf .j Annie - O'Keefe,
brother of • Michael l P.i 0 Keef e, and brother-
¦ in-law of Thomas and James Kelly, a native
of County Kilkenny, , Ireland, aged 43 years.
tu?" Remains at the "parlors of McFadden, :
McBtearty.& Green, 1171 Mission street.
PAVECHIS— In the City < and County Hospital.
January > 10. ' 1002, ! Andrew Pavechis/ -a na-
tive of Austria.' : ;-.<... ';. ¦ . • ?: •..' , i
RIEGERT— In this city, January 9, 1902,
George RUgert, a native of . Germany, . aged
C2 years".-. ./ /.•;:¦ , . .. ' ;.".-'¦
ROSENBERG— In this city, January 10, 1002,
Charles K., beloved husband . of Lucy M.
Rosenberg, and father of. Elizabeth Munson
Rosenberg, • a native of San Franci3co,' aged
37 years 11 months ¦ and 10 days. ¦¦ ¦ ,. ¦;
' (TTTriendB and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invitsd to attend. the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), , at 2:45 o'clock/ at the
chapel in Odd Fellows' Cemetery, under the
auspices of Calif ornia ; Parlor No. 1, N: S.
- G. W. ¦ .'¦ ¦.•¦¦¦¦ , .., .,¦¦¦
ROSENBERG — In this city. ! January 0. 1902.'
Charles, K. Rosenberg, beloved brother of
Mrs. S. Tomllnson of San' Joss and Mary H.
an-1 Louis K. Rosenberg, a native- of - San
. Francisco. '¦ . -
SCHLUTTER — In this city, ."January 9, 1902,
- Amelia Adelaide, beloved wife of Fredrick
W. Schlutter,' and mother of May Schlutter,
Mrs.- Nellie Nellman and Mrs. Maud. Ink-
.' ster, a native of New York, aged 60 years.
SEAMANS — In Washington. D. C, January i,
1902, -William H; Seamans, brlsadier gen-
. eral and .adjutant general. Nationa. Guard uf
• California, 'beloved husband -of Carrie JJ.
Seamcns,' and father of Grace S. Barnes, h
native of Pennsylvania, aged 67 years. ¦¦
ICyFuneral -to-morrow. (Sunday), at 10
¦ o'clock, ¦ from 'armory of First Battalion
. Artillery, 815 Ellis street, under the auspices
of' George H. Thonias Post No. 2. G. ; A. ' R..
., and National -. Guard of California. • Com-
' pa:i!ons of Loyal Legion and | members I of
Army- and Navy League are invited to Join
George ' H. Thomas- Post, r and will assemble
• at rest : room of latter,- 320 Post street, '.at a
o'clock. Interment National Cemetery,' Pre-
sldlo.r- .'.-¦..¦,. . .'.,-••,.. -.':•¦¦
STEFAN— In- San Jose, January 10, 1002,
Catherine, beloved wife of A. Stefan, mother
. of Victor Stefan, daughter of Michael Mur-~
rin, ' end sister; of John and James Murrln,
a native : of ¦ New York, ¦ . ;¦ -..¦.'•
THOMPSON— In - this city, ' January 9. 1002,
Edward Thompson, a native of Canada, aged
45 years. ¦ ~ . , . . -,.
WAHMUTH— In Napa, Cal., January 10, fbo2.
August O.,' beloved son of Lena and the late
'Henry Wahmuth, and brother of -William R.
and Louis Wahmuth and Mrs. F.' Lorder.
, a native of San : Francisco, aged 37- years' 8
months and 24 days. • ' •¦ ¦¦ : . .. -. ,
(C^The funeral . will : take place to-morrow
• (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
• dence, 1218 Broadway, Alameda, Cal. In-
terment . private. ¦-..-. ¦.,•.'
WARREN— In this city, January 0, 1902. ' Ed-
- ¦;.-' ward ¦ Warren, ¦ beloved son of ' Mrs; 8. A.
iluasfcy, and stepson of.S. .A. Hussey/ a na-
tive of . San Francisco, aged ' 21 . years and •' 3
, -days.--- -.'.¦¦.-.¦•>¦. -.- -.- -'.-,' ¦-,-.•;¦
- •'¦'.• (cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ..' to -. attend the funeral to ¦
. day • (Saturday), at 0 o'clock, from* his
; late residence, 2 , Ewer, place. . off Mason
" street;; between Clay and Sacramento, thence
to St. -Mary's -Church, comer , Calif ornia and
¦ Dupont .- streets, ¦ where services • will - be held.
!'¦ Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦•¦ .. ..¦..'
.WATERS— In this city, January . 9, ' 1002,
¦ Nancy i Waters,, -.beloved wife of the, late
1 Ames D.". Waters, and mother of William H.
Waters and Mrs. Loretta Frey, anatlve of
' New York, aged 71 years 7 months and 1
• day. :¦''•..¦ -.'i--.- --¦'¦'-.•'¦ >¦ .•¦¦ •¦-' 4| -- - '.',¦
¦ : icyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• . fully invited; .to attend , the funeral ; to-day
' (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H.J. Truman & Co.;, 318
> Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
Interment.. Mount Olivet ? Cemetery, , by car-
riage.. .•• -. .-.- ¦ •• ¦- ¦-¦..:.',¦ '.. .. i::. ¦ . ,-.;¦ ,.;;
Florist Co^
>/v ARTISTICi FLORAt DESIGNS
: Pr'/ces^/Peoso/job/e .-.:.
107 POWELL ST/NCAftELUS 2££ 5056
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
-^•.'.--;.v,:_. - • — ¦¦¦¦¦¦( ::' : "
fSOIJTHERN PACIFIC.
- TrmMma !•«»»• ami ar» <t •>» to mrxlwm »•
O.MJLJf FRAMVMt'O. ¦¦<¦'* ' .
' (Main line. Foot ot Market Stoat;) *
. vwrm , — y»OM P«cmB*a 6. MM, — , \amu?1
¦ 7HM»a BentcU. Sutaaa, Ehnir* aad {Sacra* V '
- •mento *:»3»
7««Oa Vmca-rllle. 'Whi*ot»,'BonJ«oy ?i39»
Caliatof»an4SuitaRM»..... fl:23»
fltMADsrls, Woodland, KsliaU Landing; ..
• - M*miMo. Oro»illi»_ 7*3.1?
««»a* AtUntto Kspncs— Orden and Km* - 8:1*3*
•to** SUea. Lathxop. Stockton 7>33»
— ' PorterrtUe ...7-7-7- 4<Stl»
tUSO a Shasta Expr w«— Da» !«. WlUlmm. ( f or - T
Bartlett Springs), Willow*, Bed
Bluff. PortW... 7i3»f
lilltBtn Joae, Utermat e, ¦ Stooktou, ,.. \
¦'.'¦."'¦' lone, Baoramento, Plscer? Die, \
/¦• •¦ M»attllla, Chlcn, RedBluff 4.«3f>
*•*•* O»M«le, 0hine»e,8onor», Tuolnmno *:Z3t
•i««» H»ywmrd, Niki»u4 W»f SUtlooi.. IIiASa
•iWiVia.Jo.... l-Jtisiim
Mti iM^'AaMtM KffiNB - KulilMI. i
. Tr»cy, Ltthrop. Htoektoa, Mened
. . Fresno »nd Los Anceles 7i89a
ti*»A ValWin. M*rtlnex*ua Wa7 8Ut«oni 7tS9»
I tiOOA Tbe O»«l»nd Limited— Ogdea, Pen-
¦¦ ver. Omaha. Chlcaga.. SiSS*
tl>«*V SaetasMOto ltl««r Staamas.. ....... tll>U*l
- . lii»FB«nl«i«, Winters. ¦ S»ormm«nlo. .
.-!., \ Woodland, Knbhts Idiadina.
M»rji»II!»,Oroilll»....: I«i33»
, tiSOr Hsjwaid. Nile* an4 Way Button*.. 7tM|
liHr Hartlaw, 8au lUmou. TaUejo,
'¦¦' : -Napa. OftUstofa. 8»»»» llos. , »»S3*
*t—rVBma.lirmnon, Stockton, Lodt... 13is»i
4i«oyH»rwmrd. Mia*. Han Jnto. Li»<>rmor<» tS>04a
¦ *i*»* Tho Owl Limited — Pietno. Tnlaxa,
x . . , . BakenBeld. Sanpia for Sauta Bat.
. i,% ;? fcara, Loa Ascales •«O»*
aiOOrPmrtCoB'ta.TrmoT.Uthrop. Stockton lOtUA
OsOOr MarUnoi. AnUoch. BUjckton, Mer-
¦ eed,Fre*no lStSSy
•>••» H»f w»td. Nile* »nd Baa Jose 7*3S«
««i««r Vallejo ; 11<SS4
••••» r Oriental - Mall— Ogxlaa, Dentec. » '
Omaha, 8k Lords, Chieaco +&*a
y 7i«0r Oregon and OalUerate Kxpf ••».«»> /
,->..:'- ikineutO. Manailll*. iCadiiliif,
'- : V Portl«ml. r.igat Hom.d and Kaia i *O»A
••as* Baa Pablo, Port Costa, . MartinB*
¦ a«d Way Stations 11i*Sa
-_t»X»FV*ll«}o.r:. .* 7iSJy
COAST lilNS (Narrow Saage).
(foot of Market Strael.) ¦
•il5ANew»ik,0«iitonuIe,8»nJo§e,Felton.
''¦:-,;.: BoulderGreek,8»uU0nix»ndW»f - '
8U«on«... „ 5«0ft
t**l *r Newark. OenterrlU*. 8»o Jo«« New ; '
v ' -• Almsden, Felton, Iloutilor Cre«k,
., : 8aota Onts and PriDolp»l Way
-.••;¦¦'-'. 8UMout rr.... lo.flOA
<i13f Newark, 8»n Jose, LsiO»t«a ta<S«*
aj».8o? IIunteri'TnJn— Saa Jose and W»y - -
Stations........ VTAm
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Fwm UI nilCISCO— fnai af Htfktt Itmt (Sit? 8)—
17:15 f:0O ll:00*.M. 1:03 1:09 - StXBr.d.
ffimOHLlSa— fill if j)r»»i«»T.— f«:00 (8.-00 tSiOf
_ 10:00A.M. 11:00 . 8:03 «:fl3r.M. ¦
COAST LJNE (Broad CUagt).
(Third and Town tend Sts.) . -
•i I«A San Jom and Way BtaUanA.. ........ «>4*a
T:«Oa flan Juiomi W»y 8Utl..u«... ...... ¦ fS:O<t*
/7s<M»A New Alin«(len /«!«••
SiOOa Coast line Limited — 8aa Jom,
- ' Gilmy, Salinas, Saa Lnia Obiipo. ¦•-¦-."¦
Santa Baxbara, Loa *"pi«t ana
principal intermediate stations.... 10:43*
' SiOOa Han Joae. Trea 1'Inos. 8aiita (inn, i .. ¦ -
Paollla Unit, SaUnaa. 8aa Lida
.; Obispo and Principal lutermediato
; : -, Bkatluiis 4:10*
lOiSOASan JooeandWarStattona. k:H«a
IIiSOa Han Jose aud WaySUtlons !li»«*
ta<4Sr San Mateo. ltedwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. HanU Clara. Sail Jo**. ,
. .. Tres Pinoa, Santa Gnu, Salinas.
Monterey ami PaciHe Gro»» 1II»i43«
Si3OirHan Joae and Way Skationa. li»«»
. HllBr San JoaeaiKl Principal Way Station* BiStV
«i»Or Snnset Limited— Mondays, Wednes-
. days, Fridays, for Los Angeles, El
Paao. New Orleans and New York.
ArriTes Sundays. Tuesdays and ' '
. Thursdays IOiISa
tStOOp San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
• Way Station* _t«:O«A
¦titor Sau J ota ami Principal Way Stations Hiiro*
:. «j3»r 8an . Jos« and W*y Mtanons "iT8»
7iOOp Jitw Orleans Exprew — Han LnJi
Obispo. Santa Barbara.' Loa An-
Jeles. D»mfng. £1 Paso, New Or- ¦ ' • '
ains and East 7i3A£
¦II »45 p 3ait J oae innl Way Stations ......... 7 *3»9
A for Mnruing. ... P. I or A fternoon.
t MiuKlar rzepnteU. t only. .
_«8atur(tar only ; /Tuesdays and FrMayt^
CALIFOBWA NORTHWESTER RY. CO.
¦¦'..- .LESSEES."
SAN- FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
'RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafaol.
"WEEK DATS— 7:30, »:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thuradays^ — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. nx. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS- 8:00, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
- 0:00, 6:20 p. m.
Saa Rafaol to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «: 10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40. 0:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05, 8:25 p. m. '-¦ - -.
¦ . Leave I In Effect I Arrlvo
¦ San Francisco. |Apr. 28, 1901 [ San Francisco.
Week I .Sun- I . I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. | Destination I days. | Days.
7:30am '8:00am Neva to, 10:40am 8:40am.
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am
S :10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton,
7:80am ' ' Windsor. 10:25am
5:C0pm Healdsburg-, 10:40am t
'!¦' \. Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm -8:00am and Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am ~~ ¦ 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Ouernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm ¦ ¦ ¦ 6:20pia
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
i - . and
5:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7 :30am I 8 :00am I ' 110 :40am 110 :23arn
3:30pmr 5:00pm| Sebastopol. i 7 :35pm [ 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton, for Altruria; at Lytton . for Lyttcn
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Strings, Highland Springs, Ketsey-
vllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda-- Bay, Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo,
Yotter Valley; John Day's, Riverside, Llerley s.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr/s
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brags.
WestporV Usal, WlUiU, Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's- Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. ScotU
and Eureka-'. ... ¦
Saturday .to Monday round-trlD tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays . round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
¦ Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronlcla
building.
H..C. WHITING. . R. 3C RTAN,
-. .. . Gen. Manager. . . ¦ Gen. Pass. Agt. - 1
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
. .. ' Via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing September 29, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLE Z
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"• WEEK DAYS— «:55. 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a. m.,
•1:45," 8:15, 4:15.- 6:15. »6:15, 6:45 p..m.,
• * EXTRA TRIPS — For Mill. Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays . and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'SjOO, 'VH-.W, 11:30 a. m., »1:15,
8:15, ••4:46, 6^0, 9:80 p. m. ¦
Trains' marked <*) run to San Quentin.
FROM- SAN RAFAEL TO 8AN FRANCISCO.
1 WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. 7:46. 8:35, 10:15
m.'m.'.- •12:25, 2:15, •3:35. 4:40. 6:30 p. m.
:EaCTRA> TRIPS on . Moodays. Wednesdays
•nd Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— « :15, •8:00. •10:00, »11:43 a. m,,
•1 :40. •3:15, ! 4:45, *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO HAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 2:43.. 8:50. 8:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at -7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, • 10:05 a. nv» 12:08, 2:18,
8:30,- B:0O, 6:45 p. m- ,
% - THROUGH TRAINS.
\ 6:35 t. m. week days^ — Cazadero and way
siations. " '
1:45. p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and tray
stations..* ' ' "•-..-
8:oo a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. • " . ¦ . . ¦ . . . . - . ¦
¦ Legal Holiday boats aad trains will ran on
Sunday time. . -,?.¦¦¦¦ ¦ . -. ¦.
WOUNir/TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Ltavc : Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran< Foot of Market St San Frag.
4O5 r. 11:30a. 4^25 T. &» r.
1:15 p. *•«•.*«>' »•»•••*• 5:55 P.J
' r.r., Sm Tr»Klf« to Summit »n* Rrtuni. II 90.
.' n.k«toac«, «i suns*! stmst iod SAO&AIJTO »xaat.
..-":'¦ : * ¦ - ¦-¦-¦
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KE.in.\T ST. Established
In 1934 tor the treatment of Prlvnt9
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
dlMwo* wearlngon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cores w lien
others fail. . Try him. - Charges low. ,
Car** traarasUe**!. Call or writ*
Dr. a. r.AIBBOA. tiaii Francisco. CaL
RATtWAY; TRAVEL.
Santa Fe \
CFrains---pa!iy.
I .-';' Leave Market-street Ferry Depot
'. ¦ -' :¦, .- , Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local •
i -.-.¦• . Daily Dally Dally Dally'
Lv. San Fran 7:20a 0:00a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a UrlO p 7:18 p
'•"Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p l:3Oa 8:11 p"
.",' Fresno.:". 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:08 a ........
•• Visaliav. 3:30 p. ...... 5:00 a.......
.""Bakersfld 8:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a .?
• ":=Kan. City ....... 2:40a 7:30 a .. ...;.'
V, » Chicago. . ....... 2:15 pi 9;00p ........
•". a . f or . mornloBT. - p for afternoon.'. .-.- • . ¦'
; 9:00 a. m." train is - the California ¦ Lim-
ited,';, carrying -Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to : Chicago. -Chair Car'
. runs to '• Bakersfleld. for accommodation of
local first-class" passengers.. ,No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally
¦ 4:20 p. m.*-ts Stockton.' Merced and Fresno
i local. *¦ Corresponding train arrives at 12:30'
p. -m." dally. *- ' ¦'- •
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, . with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars ta Chicago.; also
! Palace ; Sleeper, ¦ which cuts oat at ¦ Fresno. '
Corresponding, train arrives at 6:00 p.. m.
'daily. -.\ '- - '.; '¦¦ '-¦'¦-¦ -, ¦;-¦¦'¦-¦ ¦ : t ;.- . -,
',. ;> 7 :20 a. m; . Is Bakersfleld Local, ¦ stopping
•at all points In San Joaquln Valley.; Cor«
responding train arrives at'8:40 a. m. dally
'- Offices — G41 Market street and . in' Ferr/
j Depot, *-' San Francisco; 1112 • - Broadway,
Oakland .' •¦•-* ' -¦-.*•.-
personals. ';';¦-"'.
ARRIVED— ".Ladies, doa't look old; Dr. N. DE
SAVOYSKT cf Paris, greatest authority on
feminine b<>auty. will meet you at La Verlte
Parlors anil instruct you how to acquire and
prt serve health, youth and beauty: after
years of eirnest etudy Is able to give elec-
trical treatment for deep wrinkles without
the knife that excel* anything ever given In
thi* country; electrolysis with modern Eu-
ropean method clears the face of all blem-
ishes without pain or ecar. Phone Folsom
440. 1140 Market et.. opposite Hate's. ¦
AN elegant line of remnants for cults to order,
fl5; with t-hese suits we make aa extra pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY Guess! Tou can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
end The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,'
Domestic office. 1021 Market et.. near Sixth.
ELECTRIC light la every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third 6t.. near Market; 700 room*;
2&c to $1 &0 per night; $1 &0 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and ba.gg&ee to and from the ferry.
BEST hslr di«ssing in the city, 25c; shampoo-
ing, 80c; wrioktes removed, 60c; manicuring,
25c. Quint onica removes dandruff, makes
hair in-ow. :>0c bot. G. Lederer, 123 Stockton.
A— WHAT ds you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
ANTIQUE jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
f tones, antiques and curios bought The Old
Curiosity Store. 118 Geary 6t. Nat Raphael.
THE latest and beet things in ladies' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made cults, ekirts. on
Installments, at C. P. ADAMS CQ.. 158 5th.
f WHITE enariel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton Et. near Broadway.
£ing Chong it Co. has removed from 115 Stock-
ton to C6S <3eary. bet. Taylor & Jones, -where
can be found fine stock of ladles' underwear.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter at.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Pr.G.S.Mocire. 332 O'Farren:send for circular.
* THE A'VIDA COMPANY permanently cures
gtomach trouble. 763 Valencia st.. cor. 19th.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
Mrs. BriggTS — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. »«S gutter; tel.Larkln 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLIN'G, 407B Hyde.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALLIE M NUXN. 1002^ Dolores et.
WILL pay'cssh and good prices for old seal-
skins. Adlress at once, box 1205. Call office.
JEWELRY 'or sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st. rm. 29.
ELECTRIC needle Epeciallst; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wig*;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
Masquerade costumes et H. Anderson's, theatrt-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bosh and Dupont
tDR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the best corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair tc its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 papes. in ¦wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SCUGEOXS.
A^DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at: 1122 Market st. ; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. C'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 H Market st. bet Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials st office. 115-117 Mason, nr. EUia.
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE.
FOR SALE BY THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 Montgomery st
INVESTMENTS IN FLATS AND HOUSES.
$22.500 — Three of the finest fiats in the West-
ern Addition; NE. corner: 30x100; lower flat
has 8 rooms, bath, basement servants' room,
play room; middle flat. 9 rooms and bath; up-
per flat has; 9 rooms, bath, attic; this house
docs not leok like flats; total rents $173 a
month: a choice buy.
$20.000 — Sutter Et. corner; large lot; 2 stores
and 4 fiats; easily and steadily rented: total
rents $125 ti month.
$19.000 — i:ddy st.; 3 fine new fiats: built only
a few months; lots of rooms; everything latest
and finest: rents $170 a month: a fine buy.
$19,000 — I>eavenworth Et; 6 flats right down-
town: rents $142 a month; a fine investment for
present rents and for future increase in value.
$18,500 — CVFarrell et. ; 5 new fiats: everything
finest and' :;&test: total rents $152 50 a month;
• pays 8 rier rent net.
J16.500 — Corner store; flat and 2-story build-
ing;- m -pood -portion of the Western" Addition;
37 ft. front: will always keep rented; cost over
$12.W0 to build; present rents $121 50 monthly.
$16.000 — Calif ornia Ft. corner; 3 good bouses;
always rented; rents $110.
$lti.000 — Stockton st.; 3 houses; having 12
tenants; total rents $150 a month; close to
town. . "
$15,500 — Jones st; 3 choice flats In best loca-
tion; close to town; no carfare; built 2 years;
will always rent; 8 rooms, bath and washroom
in each: rt-nts $127 a month.
S13.500 — Webster st; 5 cottages; rents $100;
a pood buy.
812,500— North side Pine St.; In good locality;
very fine 3-story building in two modern three-
year-old flats which alone cost $7300 to build;
separate entrances to each flat, and has the ap-
pearance cf private dwelling; very artistically
finished both inside and outside; rents $100 a
month.
$12.300— -Sutter st; 3 fine new flats; renting
for £SS a month: north side; In fine location.
$10.500 — Pierce «. corner; 2 flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath each: rents $66 a month.
$10,250 — Hyde st, within easy walking dis-
tance of any part cf downtown; two flats of 5
and 6 rooms; rents $70 a month from both; no
doubt about these two flats always rented.
$10.250 — Clay st.; 40x125; three houses; rents
$77: price reduced. -
$9750 — ISaker et. ; two fine flats of S rooms
and bath each; all modern conveniences; attic
and basenent; rents $40 and $35; total $75 a
month: cars at the corner; personal investiga-
tion into these two flats will convince buyer
that it Is a rood buy.
$8300 — Eddy et; two flats of 8 and 6 rooms.
$7500 — Raker St. : in fine locality; upper flat
ha* 8 rooms: rect $32 60; lower flat has 6
. rooms: rent $27 50; total rents per month $60.
! $7000— Two flats built 3 years; on California
V et. ; £.1x137:6; good locality; 6 and 7 rooms;
rents $27 !5O and $25; total rents $52 50.
$6500 — Webster et.; half block to cars; two
flats finished only 3 months; flats laid out iu
eplendtd style and have all conveniences that
euit tenants; lot 25x100; sun front and back; 6
and 7 rooms; $30 and $25; total $55.
SCOOO— I>eavenworth et; in good locality;
dose to town, which tenants like in order to
avoid paying carfare; two flats of 6 rooms and
bath each : rents $45 a month. . .
$5300 — Grove et. ; two flats; rents $40; close
to town. . .
$4-150 — Tenth et., near Folsom; 2 flats. J
$4000 — Eianchez et. corner; three cottages;
rente $30; good rtrtet.
$3600 — Jones et., near Chestnut; two flats;
built 2 yf-ars.
$3250— Thirteenth ft.; two houses of 5 rooms
and bath each; rents $15 each; total $30 a
month; lot SOxSO; street work done; 2 car lines
one-half tlock away; good neighborhood.
$3000— Pacific et, near Taylor: always rent-
ed: r»>nts now $27.
$2600 — Midway et. tenement house (North
Beach); r«»nts $33 a month; will always rent
$1900 — norlda et. ; two good flats; rents $20;
very cheap.
A SACRIFICE— Cottage, 4 rooms: $1050; terms
came asi paying rent Apply SE. cor. Ala-
bama and Montcalm ets.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms; modern improvements;
eaey terms. Apply Etoneman et, near Fol-
Eom. ¦ ¦ . '
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, ie pages, cent to any address ' in the
t'nitpfl States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE: COWTRV For Sale
FOK SALE NEAR BAN FRANCISCO^— '•
. Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Konoma. Co.: future value assured, aa
Can Francisco is growing rapidly; location
beft for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cctatl Co.. 302 California st, for pam-
r-fc>t« a-ad information.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, reach and prune
lands to eell: right locality: big money; easy
payment*. HEALT & CARR. 6 Eddy st
FOR homes for health and profit see J, J.
BAMBER, Skyland. Cal.
A J? l ipZ !l(It of chicken ranches near Petaluma.
E- ?>¦ EMMOXS & SON. 11 Montgomery »t
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
frff liy. c. R. WTNFIKLP. Pctaiuma. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
AND DOARD WANTED.
W vVfJr :i) ,\ n :
loS«™ mIIy i for 2 1<ulle! * gentleman; state
location, urice. Box 2922. Call.
FRUITYALEADVERTISFilENTS
FRLITVALE MIIMshei) HOUSES.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet cor
Wilson ave. and Hopkins 'et^VTbtock. from
2 etreei cars and public echool; furnUhtd co™
t»ge ol « rooms; etable, chicken-house plg-
«°" eqte. etc.; ornamental ground,, frait
t hSu^im 2 s la l? Utei from o »kUnd 'or one
: ALAMEDAv ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA IJCAI, " ESTATE. . *¦
HAMMOND & HAMMOND!
J1200— A fine 4-room cottage In a grand loca-
tion. ... „•../.
$1800 — A 'fine modern 5-room cottage; porce-
lain tubs; open plumbing; excellently, located;
easy terms. ¦ .
$2250 — Fine, modern, new, never occupied,
S-room ' eottape on the northwest corner In the
central part of the city; easy terms. •-:.;. v.
$2750— Fine e-room cottage on San Jose ave.,
In the ewellest part of the city; large lot; easy
terms.
*3500— Finest 6-room cottage In the city.
All we ask you to do is to look at this lot
on the north side of Central ave., near Morton
et.; any frontage; $36 a. foot.
Exchanges a specialty.
Full charge taken of property.
Renting. .Conveyancing. -*.l".*'
Open Sundays and evenings.
, If .you want to invest or sell call or write to
HAMMOND & HAMMOND, :
2326 Santa Clara ave.. :
% , , Alameda.
10- ROOM cottage, all on 1 floor; modern Im-
provements; grand home for large family;*
half acre of ground: close to station; must
be sold. E. D. JUDD CO., 1424 Park st.,,
Alain eda. : '. ¦* •:•'-' -
KEW cottage, 8 rooms; lot 35x120; $2500.'
New cottage, 5 rooms; lot 40x120; £2200;
terms. J. H. YOUNG, Builder. 1243 Park Bt.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
. acquired by foreclosure; y, cash. Bank of Ala.'
ALAMEDA FPRXISHED HOUSES.
NEWLY and beautifully furnished house in
the choicest part bf Alameda; will rent for
a term of 6 months or a year; $80 a month.
Address P. O. box 364. Alameda;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLASD HEAL ESTATE.'
flOOO — BIG bargain; cozy 0-roomed cottage,
with porcelain sink and hot- water boiler;
sunny «iCe, close to San Pablo ave.; street
work all done, including stone walks; all
newly papered and painted. Address for quick
sale box 2378. Call office. Oakland.
OAlvLAXU COTTAGES TO LET.
BUNNY lower flat. 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout: 2 coal and 1 gas grate; larg 3
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner "Washington and
Eighth sts.. come within 1 block. Call . or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAXD i ROOMS. .
FOR RENT — Furnished dining-room and
kitchen in boarding-house. Apply to B. H.-
WELCH & CO.. 1383 Fifth ave.. Oakland.
OAKLAXD FURMTUUE FOR JULLK.
An introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
BOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. -
LACUNA, 1107 — Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas; bath; piano; reasonable; adults.
OAK. 119 — 2 large sunny parlors, furnished
housekeeping, 2 beds," $18; small room, $4.
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 sunny front connecting
bay-window rooms, range, electric. lights, etc.
POLK, 453 — Four connected rooms for house-
keeping. ':' .
SEVENTH. 178 — Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; large 'yard and bath. . ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100(5
Valencia st.
BOOMS TO LET— Furn. nnd t.'iifnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllisters-New; elegant^
j -sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward: rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rcoms; open all night. .
1 BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
' nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS.- 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
35c, $1 50 night; $1 50, $6 wk.; open all night.
FIFTH. 353 — Two furnished single rooms; $5
up; heater to warm room if wished.
FOLSOM. .S34 — Sunny room's \ with closet; $1
per week. . ¦ ' .- • .
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant' suites^ : single;'
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
FULTON, 647 — Pleasant nicely furnished
rooms, $5 and $6; private family.
GEARY, 3C3 (refurnished) — Big suite and sin-
gle rooms. . ¦ ; . ;
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family house ;.thoee requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single: elevat.
GRANT ave., 17 — Pleasant sunny rooms at
reasonable rates. • •
JONES, ' 919 — Comfortably •furnished room,
bath, phone, grate; reasonable; private fam.
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en suite or single. •
MARTINET^ 1101 Geary— Handsome euites:
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
- nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
PERRY, 25 — 3 larfee sunny rooms; fine porch
and large yard; suitable for email . family. -
P7NE, 956 — Two large sunny front rooms: hot
and .cold running water, bath and . phone. .
POST. 426 — Rooms suitable for 4 gents; also
. single <rooms, $2 up.
ROYAL House, 126 EUis — Incandescent light
reading-room, emoking-room and ladies' par-
'lor; rooms, per night. -35c to $1.50; week, $2
to 5S; month, $8 to $30; elevator m ground
4 floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.,
SHERMAN Apartment .House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished cr unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anl
subscriptions has been - established at 101KS
Valencia st. . ¦ . .. ¦ . '. .
-^ KOOMS ASP • - _ _ _ _
A BUSINESS house, with no' Interest except to
see a well deserved success made, would be
glad to recommend an exceedingly pood,
hcmelike boarding-house to a few young
men; rates reasonable. Address 2920, Call.
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission — Large sun-'
ny corner suite, $55; other rooms; American
cooking. - . '.." . ' ~
HOTEL Buena Vista will open to-day; newly
furnished; good table; in. warm belt of the
Mission. 1070 Valencia st.
j HOTEL Dennistcn, cor. Valencia and 21st ste.
— In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits;, first class. . . ¦
TH3 Irvingdale. 62C Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $G0; single rooms
¦with board, $22 50 up; excellent table. -
ELEGANT sunny single Bulte and excellent
board. 1048 Ellis U.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
• suites & single; board optional; steam heat.
JOHNSON House. <J05 O'Farrell — Sunny suite 3
•rms. ; run. water;- ex. table; beau, grounds.
PACIFIC ave., 1716, above Van . Ness — Large
«, sunny room, with board; suitable for 1 or 2.
PRIVATE board for 1 or 2; room and board
$20 ma ' 2022 Woolsey st., j Lorin, Berkelty.
HOTEL. Repeller, 781 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. .
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments;, con v. ; 2 to 5 gents: best table board.
ROOMS AXP BOARD WASTED.
TWO young ladies wish connecting rooms,
with board, in private family. Box 2927, Call.
BOOMS WASTED. .
LADY wants two furnished housekeeping rooms
¦ under $20; vicinity Taylor and Bush. Address
Box 2928. Call. - ..
RUPTDttE ' S A XITARIUM. . ; '
RUPTURE cured ' at. HUNTER S^SANITaI
It I UM. 1209 Market st.; treatment free; only
Invention In the world that will not torture.
STORAGE AND; WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713. :
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S40~Mis^
elon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Fprniture Moving: Com-
pany, 2320 Fill more st.; phone Jackson * 281. >
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tcl. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates;
SPECIAL KOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby" given that the -Maria. Kip
Orphanage - of 520 Lake et., San Francisco,
¦ has received - the following orphan, half -or-
phan and abandoned girls, from July 1. 1901.
to Jan. 1, 1S02: -, Jennie Anderson. , aged 7.
years, Olga Anderson,:- 4:. Alice Obrlst, 7;
Onita V. Mayberry, U;-Lucy'B. CalP, 8;
Mary Col grove, 3; Mary M. Crankshaw, 6;
.Gladys Crankshaw, 5: Adelaide Parker, 10;
' Margaret Voss, 10;- Joycelin- E.- Martin, 11;
.. Ethel Plant. 12: Kate Ohe, 11; Christine Ohe,
9; Mary Ohe. 7; Henrietta? • Ohe. -, 2; ••• Ruth
, Congdon, '7; Mildred Congdon, 5; Florence
, Hodge, 18 month*; Grace Bees, 6 years; Irene
Jones, 10. ., .' ;;.', -'. , ¦'.,'',!,
BAD tenants ejected for $4;: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery at.. rooms 9-10;tel.C5S0.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages, In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
'^EyyiXG MACHINES ' AJXP SCPPLIgS.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented.. exchanged;, re-
palrtng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, ' rented,, exchanged ; re-
palring; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
§j TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITE^S^We
sell better machines for less money than any
, bouse In the c:ty; rentals, $3. .The Typewriter
i Exchange. S38 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
•_'_.; DIVIDEND NOTICES. : '.;
DIVIDEND Notice— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco— At a regular meet-
ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held January 7th, 1902, a dividend was de-
clared • for the> half-year . ending December
' 31st, 1901,' at the rate of seven (7) per cent
per annum, payable on and after the 15th
inst. Transfer books will be, closed from the
10th to the 15th lnst., both days inclusive.
GEO. GRANT, Secretary. ..
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Com-
pany, room 16, second floor. Mills building,
San Francisco, Jan. 7, 1902 — Dividend . No.
196, of 42 cents per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the Contra Costa ¦ Water > Com-
pany, -will be payable ,*t the office of said
company, room 16, second floor, Mills build-
Ing, on Jan. 15, 1902.. Transfer books will
close on Jan. 0, 1902, at it p. m. , - ¦
EDWARD McQARY, Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: ; ,•
Gorgonlo M. Romero, 29, Santa Barbara, and
Eva Eiwood. 27, city. . \ , j
James E. .lohnson, 41, city, and Mary J.
Booth. 56, cltv.
Otto M. Lundstedt. 39, 316% Rltch street,
and Sofia E. Greenros, 29, Alameda. i . ¦ \
Charies W. Mundy, 39, 31 Essex street, and
Mary A. Kelly, 37, 31 Essex street. ¦
Kristian Melln, 28, city, and Agnes Archer,
24, city. . • ¦
C. August Holstrom, 26, 482 Fell street, and
HiUa A. Carlson, 28. 482 Fell street. :
BIRTHS— MARRI&&ES~ DEATHS. ;
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication . offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CHRISMAN— In this city, January 4, 1902, to
the wife of Frank A. Chrisman (nee Par-
menter), a son. - ¦¦-
PIPER— In Vallejo, December 21, 1901. to 'the
wire of Harry A. Piper, a daughter. .
SPELLMAN— In this city, January 5, 1902, to
» the wife of H. Spellman, a son.
•'"-. MARRIED. ~~ "~~
AMSLER — TYMESON — In this city, January
9, 1902, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer. Herman
Amster of San Francisco and [ Celia May
Tymeson Df Oakland, Cal.
KROH— RILEY— In Oakland, January 9, 1902.
by Justice La Rue, George Henry Kroh and
Blanca Riley. both of San Francisco. . '
LAUBACH— FLANNELLY— In this city, Jan-
uary S, 1902, by the Rev. Father McAulifte.
Thomas R. Laubach of Jacksonville, Fla.,
and Alice C. Flannelly of San Francisco. :
___- ____
Barker. Sarah M. - Henry, John -P.
Becker, Peter McGuire, Jennie M.
Becker, Ralph W. McKinley, Wm. J.
• Bohm, Mary I Meyer, Charles
. Bonetti. Antonio Oakley, Samuel A.
Bottaro, Sebastian O'Brien. Frank
Chittenden. Ann M. O'Keefe, John
Chrisman (infant) Pavechis. Andrew
Devoto. Caterlna ¦ " ' Riegert, Georse
Elliott. Maria T. Rosenberg, Chas. K.
Fabun. Dan H. Schlufter. Amelia
Ford. Edward • Seamans. Wm. H.'
Gibbs, James'. Stefan, Catherine '
Gllmour. Georee D. Thompson, Edward '
Goldberg, Daniel Wahmuth, August O.
Greany. Henry J. Warren, Edward
Hawkins, WiHiam J. : Waters, j Nancy - ' "
BARKER-"-In this city, January 10, 1902,
Sarah M.. beloved wife of Frank Barker, a
native of Rumford, Me., aged 76 years 1
. month and & days. ' ¦.-.'-
BECKER — In this city. ! January 10, 1902,
Peter, beloved husband of Elizabeth Becker,
and father of Mrs. Marie Coftey and Emma
and the late Ferdinand and Henry Becker,
a native of Bayern, - Germany, aged 65 years
3 months and 13 days. A member of Verein
Eintracht and Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O.
(E^Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 516 Octavia street, between Hayes
and Grove/ Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
BECKER — In this city, January 10, 1902,
Ralph William Becker, - a native of San
Francisco, aged 17 years 6 months and 18
days. . .
| CTNotice of funeral In Sunday's papers. ¦
BOHM — In this city, January 10, 1902, Mary
¦ Bohm, beloved wife of Dr. E. A. Bohm. and
mother of Helen A. Bohm, and sister of Mrs.
, Anna Keegan , of Petaluma, a native of Ire-
' land, aged . 42 years, j -
BONETTI — In this city, January 8, 1902, An-
tonio -Bonetti. beloved .father of Antonio,
Fred, Arthur and Emlle Bonetti, brother of
Joseph, Marco and Cando ' Bonetti. and
brother-in-law of Mr.- and .Mrs. 8. >Pypher,
a native of Switzerland, aged - 48 years . 1
• . month and 29 days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 12:15 o'clock, at the
parlors of ¦ J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland, by 1 o'clock creek boat. Re-
mains at the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305
. Montgomery: avenue.
BOTTARO — In the City and County Hospital,
January 9, 1902, Sebastian Bottaro, a native
¦of Italy,, aged 25 years.
CHITTENDEN — In this city, January 9, 1902,
• Ann Meriam, widow of/ the late Joseoh G.
Chittenden, and mother of Alice B. Chitten-
den and Mrs. William Taylor, a native of
Stephentown, N. Y., nged 75 years and 1
month. ¦ - . ? .
KyFuneral and Interment private.
CHRISMAN— rln this city, January 4, 1902.
. infant son ot Frank A. and Louise Chrisman
: (nee Parmenter). . . ¦ : : . . • •
DEVOTO— In this city, January 7, 1902, Cater-
lna, beloved wife of Antonio Devoto, mother
»of John P., James ¦ A., Albert, Anthony,
Louisa, Carmelita and Adellna Devoto. Mrs.
D. Devincenzi and Mrs.' A. Tassi, and sister
of Mrs. S. Varni, a native of ¦ Genoa, Italy,
aged 56 years and 7 months.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to : attend the funeral to-day
: (Saturday), ' at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 705% Green street, ¦ thence to Sts.:
." -Peter and Paul's Italian Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
•¦.the repose of her soul, ¦ commencing at 10:30
o'clock. • Interment New Italian Cemetery.
ELLIOTT— In this city, January 8,. 1902, Maria
. Teresa,, beloved wife of Orson v H. Elliott,
a native of Ireland, aged 53 years 4 months
and 12 days. I _
¦ ¦ CTFriends and acquaintances are resptct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), . from her late residence, 842 Capp
etreet. at 12 o'clock, thence to St. Peter's
. Church, Alabama street, between • Twenty-'
. fourth and -Twenty-fifth, at 1 o'clock, .where
services will be held. . Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriage. ;
FABUN— In. this city, January 10. 1902, Dan
H. Fp.bun. beloved son of Cyreneoua C. • and
Alice B. Fabun, and brother of Eddie, Johnny
and Gladys Fabun, - a ' native ' of California,
aged 0 years 1- month and 2 days. . -¦ •*
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mw.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery , :
SAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
/''. ", J. HENDERSON. Manager. ;
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly . with I McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral ¦ Parlors at 214 Eddy st.. bet*
Taylor and Jenes." , Telephone South ;B7(J.» .-¦¦.".
| UNITED UNDERTArailsl
1 - Z7 «nd 13 Fifth St.. Tel. South M7 V
¦ rUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. «
! g t rtne«r Equjpmefat ; Moderate ¦ Rates. 1 1 ;
NEW HBM OF; UNDERTAKERS. •?•>,
. Samuel McFadden. -18 years manager for'
. the United, Undertakers' Association;. M.'; J. 1
McBrearty, with the same company, for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J." C.iO'Con-j
1 nor & i Co.," have opened new ¦ Funeral Par-"
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
. and Eighth.'. Telephona South 1 44vtaiS8i338iM)>THE SAN F&CISCO CALL, SATURDAY
14
. POCATELLO. Idaho. Jan. 10. — Work has
commenced here on the new., machine shops of
the Oregon . Short Line. - The plant ' will repre-
Bent « an outlay i of $1,230. COO and s will be one
of the most complete of its kind In the coun
try.
* "On' a-railroad.i timetable-'- some
were 'i scribbled" in - pencil. 5 l,The^first M two
.words,'* "Blame ; Bowers," f were written in
a" neat ; hand.'iv The remaining words \ were
illegible and .were iwritten evidently ' when
death .was approaching, if- ;-. .
;- The * people : at = the Denver.' House ¦ know
nothing- as to the 'man's Identity or. ante
cedents. '.*,; The : body was taken to the
Morgue and an inquest will be heldL " '
'-" In', his ' pocket .was ¦ found . a letter , from
the "Anglo- Australian Bank of London, In
closing aVcheck for {50 r"by ; order of the
Bohm. Industrial Bank at '- Prague." ;.-:->:
, A; man ; whose name is believed to be
.Weiizel ; Hausman . committed \ suicide : last
Thursday, night .at the X>enver ¦ lodging
house by taking '.morphine/,; He was found
dead in ; bed • yesterday ? morning, . ¦ with \\_ a
bottle containing morphine on a table near
the bed,-> together with a glass from which
the poison had been drunk. • Hausman en
gaged ,the s room at 4 ¦ o'clock on Thursday
afternoon ' and ,waa = not ' again ¦ seen ; until
his . dead : body was found yesterday fore
noon., v; :; .', ' -V-. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ , . " , ' ¦ .' , . ' ; '¦ I
Life at the Denver Lodging-
House. •-.-.
Stranger Prom ''Prague Ends His
WENZEL - HAT7SMAN TAKES
OVERDOSE OF MORPHINS
. "WASHINGTON. 1 Jan. 10.— Members of
the United States, Assay Commission to
test the weight and; fineness of the- coins
reseVved at the. several mints during the
calendar year 1901 have been designated
as follows: '
Representative James H. Southard, ; chairman
of . the House Committee on Coinage, Weights
and : Measures. . • ¦ ' • , -' ¦'; •: i •'
Professor ."VV. S. Stratton. Director of the
United Statea Bureau of • Standards ; and Meas
ures. r -': /¦ ¦ v ¦ ¦-.'¦' ; : ', ; -- ¦ ' . '
Professor N. C. Rlcker. University of Illi
nois.'. :•'•:. . .¦- -. •• -. -.--'¦ ¦ -¦--;
-. - Prof essor . T. W. Richards, Harvard Univer
sity. . ¦:/:• .:--.;¦ \. ... «•" • . • • .'
¦ V Professor E. S. Woodward, Columbia Uni
versity.' . ¦•
Dr. J.W. Holland,' Jefferson Medical College,
Philadelphia.- .: . - ' .'--•,.'¦.'-;
; B..H. Tatem, Helena. .
John H. Brasier,' Pittsburg. - -¦'
"Captain E. M. Allen, Portland, Mich.
• Georgo-H.-. Davenport^ BostOb. >:•-' '
'. i B. O. Dawes, Marietta, : Ohio. • - ¦¦' ;
Charles E. McKlnney, ¦ Sioux Falls, - S. D.
A.' G. ' Sharp, Colorado : Springs. • ¦
J. ' J. McCarson, , Washington, D. C. T
George M.Reynolas, Chicago. " ' -
Judge J. B. McPherson, Pennsylvania.
H. G. Torrey, assayer, New York assay office.'
William B.^Rldgley, Comptroller ofthe Cur
rercy. ;-.-.¦ .• , ¦-¦- ..,*. ¦: .¦ -. .•; . -¦: --. ; •¦.-..'
•• • - G eorge E. Roberta, ' Director of the Mint,
Washington, ex-offlcio. . . . ¦. • • • ¦
: Thex commission" will' meet in . Philadel
phia on February, 12.:., . . .
Will Test the Weight
and Fineness of "Re
served. Coins.
Excellently.
Symphony Concert Or
chestra Acquits Itself
¦ An excellent programme, finely ren
dered; a large audience! and great enthu
siasm form the tale of yesterday after
noon's symphony concert at the '.Grand
Opera-house. The audience was consid
erably larger than at the first concert an-1
highly appreciative of the admirable work
of the orchestra and its leader, rto which
that done at the first concert cannot for.
a. moment be compared. Whether It -was
the reaction of (the sympathy of the lis
teners, an orchestral mood, , or simply the
greater freedom and authority of ¦ Mr.
Steindorff 's baton, the . whole : atmosphere
of the work was different from the first
effort of . the orchestra and . insomuch as
it differed from excelled it. . • Leader, or
chestra and audience wakened up and tne
programme, went throughout .with spirit
and life. . < •. : : .'' ¦ Kv'-
The "Fest Overture," a somewhat pon
derous but picturesque movement by Las
sen, opened the programme 'and received
a broad and colorful interpretation. • The
second number, the "Fi-eislled"; from "Die
Meistersinger,' ' was given with grace : and
breadth, but Jacked a little in color. .Its
always lovely melody, thaUWilhelmj has
so well woven In through his arrangement
of the Prize Song, was greeted with mucn
pleasure by the audience. . J: The Mendels
sohn "Scherzo" . from i the VMIdsummer
Night's Dream"' followed, and .-its light
and spirited interpretation -t drew.; an in
sistent encore. Mr. " Steindorff sacriflceti
speed to 'clarity -a -little in- the number;
but, considering. the youth of the orches
tra, the rapidity, precision and balance of
the work done was quite wonderful. -The
movement : was -repeated, amid much- en
thusiasm.'..
Then came . the • star . attraction of ,: the
afternoon I in the ¦ Beethoven - Symphony in
C minor. • Here the orchestra did its best
and worst , work. Particularly/ good -was
the -"Scherzo," ¦ that had" evidently-"; been
very thoroughly- rehearsed,"- going .with
fine rhythmic swing , and ease. . The whole
symphony was interpreted with a satisfy
ing breadth and intelligence, .its 2 noble
sanity and lucid,- logical beauty I arousing
the best that leader and men had to -give.
The Andante . dragged somewhat,^ Its leis
ureliness becoming . apathy, in . places, ; and
there was ; not . always ' the r tonal - beauty
to- compensate. .The other : two - move
ments, the Allegro con brio land finalei"
went excellently,- and one can predict th^at
with greater experience " and sufficient * re
hearsal Beethoven* will be , perfectly;' safe
In Mr." Steindorff 'S; hands. . : .
¦ The next' concert," to : take place on Fri- :
day. next,' .will have the: following inter
esting programme: ., • . V; :'¦'-
Overture, ."Donna Diana" : (first time) ; . v . .'
E. N. .von Reznicek
"Traume" ("Dreams") ,*. . . .'. . . .";:;'. Rr Wagner
(Arranged i for . orchestra ' by.' Johan -' Svendeen.)
"Scenes Plttoresques"; ..'."". .".".'. .:':J.» Massenet
¦ 1. Marche, • 3. Angelus./ . J .
"2. Air de Ballet. 4. ' Fete Boheme. :
Symphony (",'Juplter") C major .'.W.' A. Mozart
Sudden Death of a Soldier.
. Thomas Murphy, a. private of Company
C. Nineteenth "Cnlted States Infantry,
died, suddenly , yesterday morning in a
6aloon at 41 Turk street He went to the
Ealoon at about 6:15 a. m., and after tak
ing a drink sat down in a chair and ex
pired. Heart disease is believed to have
been the cause of death.
Justice of the Peace Daniels gave judg
ment yesterday for $73 in favor of E. F.
Burns, who sued Edward Hinckley for
$216 for baths furnished and money ad
vanced to the last named,. The judgment
was the result of a compromise between
counsel en both sides.
Must Pay the Baths.
Frazier Commits Suicide.
A man about 70 years old, who gave
his name as \V. Frazier, committed sui
cide last Thursday night' in the Eruns
wick House. 148 Sixth street; by asphyx
iating himself with illuminating gas. He
had been rooming in the house since
Sunday evening. He left. a note stating
that he killed himself because he was
in "a terrible condition, of mind."'
Held for Burglary.
• A. M. Johnston was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Conlan
yesterday on a charge of burglary in $1000
bonds. He and Henry Stone were accus 1
of breaking Into the Fearless saloon, (JO
Market street, December 22. Stone was
held to answer last Wednesday, j^-
.The climate.", especially in and about Manila.
Is far from good.- Examples of Its HI effects
can be seen stamped on the faces ¦ of all these
who have sojourned in the islanda longer than
one year. W^t^ttVUiJ^nSHgf^gm
'. I may possibly be condemned for placing the
Philippines In such a light; but,- without doubt,
any one whose interests do not prompt him to
suppress the truth concerning * the Philippines
and their people will take an equally pessimis
tic view of Uncle Sam's great white- elephant
shOW. :/' .'
Our respected Civil Commission has Juggled
so with the currency • of . the lslanda that now
the question seems Impossible of solution. Some
little time ago the Filipino peso was at a pre
mium In Hongkong. This drained the city of
Manila 'of silver currency. The Civil Commis
sion then placed a tax on all silver exported
from the islands. The result of this act vaa
not foreseen by the commission: r ."United States
money decreased In value and the Mexican dol
lar Is now worth 60 cents gold. It Is needless
to state that the banks of ; Manila are taking
advantage of this. A twenty-dollar gold piece
is worth from ?42S6 Mexican to flS Mexican
in Hongkong, so that all gold is being shipped
from the Philippines to China. Now we find
Manila flooded with Mexican silver, and United
States gold • at ar> : outrageous premium. The
banks are reaping a harvest, and it Is , up to
somebody to suggest a scheme to straighten out
the currency tangle In the Philippines.
The Philippines hold out no. inducements to
those seeking positions, or ; to those of ¦ small
capital. The cost of living in the islands is
very 'great. Though one • may receive a
good salary, one is compelled to part with mosi
of it" to supply. the meager. necessities of life.
Currency: in a Tangle.
The principal agricultural products are rice,
the staple food of the people, cultivated In
most of the provinces; coffee, cacao and sugar
cane, raised: in some of the islands;. tobacco of
an inferior quality, ; hemp, indigo, cocoanuta,
bananas and other products of less Importance.
The agricultural possibilities are by far moro
Inviting to investors than are any of the other
industries o' the islands.
As yet very . little is known concerning the
mineral wealth of the PhlliDplnes. - A number
of prominent mining men, who have prospected
In many parts of the Islands, claim that very
little gold will be found. -
The resources of the Philippines have ' been
greatly overestimated. Many varieties of hard
woods are found there, but not In great forests,
as In 'California and elsewhere. -The different
varieties of trees are so mixed that it ia a
question whether or not this industry will prove
a safe investment for American capital.
A few Filipinos of prominence have taken the
oath of allegiance, but have done so simply to
further their, own personal Interests. It ia a
standing joke among 'American residents of
Manila that the Philippines Civil Commission
seems to take a keen delight In promoting rev
olutionary natives to high public offices. Aa
an example: . A native member of the Civil
Commission owns and controls one of the great
est evils in the Philippines, namely:' the dlstil
ing of vino, a native drink that is fast ruin
ing the Filipino people. - ¦ This Commissioner
also : owns in the . neighborhood * ot 200 retail
shops where vino is sold to natives and Ameri
can soldiers. It can readily be seen why this
official stands l ever ready to salute the Stars
and . Stripes and to stng "The Star-Spangled
Banner" in broken English. .'
Revolutionists Promoted.
The Filipinos hate America and -the Ameri
cans. These little dark men .will resist Ameri
can occupation to the bitter end. Exhaustive
reports by both army and civil officials are
continually being made to the effect that the
islands are. nearing a state oi complete pacifi
cation. Such reports are made merely to de-.
ceive the people in the United Statea. If ths
Philippines are all but pacified, why do bands
of lad rones Infest every island of the group?
Why Is- guerrilla warfare being carried on la
many parts of the islands?
; Every one of the islands of the Philippine
Archipelago is a white elephant on the hands
of the . United States Government. The total
number of white elephants amounts to about
1400. What our Government will do with this
gigantic sideshpw Is a question as yet unsolved
by even those worthy officials who have been
sent to the Philippines as keepers and trainers
of Uncle Sam's great show. ,
Russell Harper, a well known young
man of this city, was among the arrivals
on the steamer Gaelic yesterday. He has
returned from 'Manila, where he has been
engaged for the past few months In pub
lishing a weekly paper. He was among
the survivors of the Rio Janeiro wreck
and narrowly escaped death in that trag
edy of the sea. When the steamer sank
he was. carried down with the suction,
and on coming to the surface found. that
both • his legs were broken. - ¦ After- his re
covery he went to Manila.
In reference to the situation in Manila
he said: ¦ ;
Russell Harper Says That
Civil Commission Is
Ridiculous.
NATIVES STILL
HATE AMERICANS
According to Wing he employed the
"Queen" to collect his rents, after promis
ing to pay her for her .trouble. The
woman started out shortly after 9 o'clock
in the morning and as she did not return
up to dusk Wing became suspicious and
started an investigation. Going to his
tenants he learned that the . woman had
collected at least $3000, many of them pay
ing her several months in advance, ac
cording to her demands. After collecting
the amount Suey Woo met a Chinaman
who had won her affections, and after
she had told him of her success as a col
lector for Chin Wing he proposed that
they elope. She readily consented, and
after making a few purchases in China
town the couple went to the ferry, where
they purchased tickets for Portland. In
some way Chin Wing- learned of the
elopement and he wired to' a' friend) in
Sacramento to head off the pair
forcibly take the money the woman col
lected. The friend of the duped China
man failed to meet the couple, and he
at once telegraphed to Wing advising him
to inform tne police. Learning " that ¦ the
"Queen" and her consort were- on their
way to the north intending to board a
steamer bound for China, Wing decided
to swear out a warrant for her arrest.
After the warrant had been issued^Cap
tain v Seymour Immediately telegraphed to
the Chiefs of Police of Portland and
Seattle to arrest the woman. Wing does
not want the man arrested, but he threat
ens to get even with- him at the first
opportunity. . ' ¦* .Y.i'Y
The police have been asked to find Suey
Woo, the "Queen of Chinatown," who dis
appeared last Thursday with 53000 belong
ing to Chin Wing, a wealthy member of
the Wing fanjUy. Yesterday afternoon
Attorney, John Sullivan, representing
Chin Wing,,, caused a warrant to be . is
sued charging the woman with felony em
bezzlement. . - . \
Alter the meeting the members of ti\i
board visited Mayor Schmitz in a body to
pay their respects.
Dr. McCarthy made his farewell ad
dress, in which he urged the erection by
the city of a hospital for the accommo
dation of poor people affected with tuber
cular complaints.
Dr. James Ward, the newly appointed
"member of the Board of. Health, took his
seat at the meeting. His commission was
read and he was welcomed by Dr. ' Wil
liamson, president of the board, who said
that Dr. McCarthy, who. steps out, was
to be congratulated upon his retirement
to private life.
Resolved, That sio clerk or other employe
In the liTpltal ehall have any communication
it dPiiiins whatso»vtr witr. undertakers ex
cept by written .>r<ier of the resident physi
cian, t j whom the jj^tient may have previously
designated the undertaker desired. Infrac
tions of this rule shall be followed by Immedi
ate suspension pending investigation and final
action by the Board uf HtalUu
Resolved. That immediately before', or juEt
after the death oX any patient in the ICty and
County Hospital that the relatives or friiends
of gald perscn be notified without delay by
telephone, messenger, telegram or special de
livery letter, and said relatives or triends be
requested to give promptly a written ord»r ta
an undc taker for the removal of the remain*
from, thft hospital; and be it further
A resolution was introduced at yester
day's meeting of the Board of Health by
Dr. Buckley which he said was designed
to put a stop to "grafting" by the em
ployes of the City and County Hospital.
Superintendent Elbert of that Institution
recently complained to Dr. Buckley, who
is chairman of the Hospital Committee,
that certain employes of the hospital
have been in the habit of communicating
with friendly undertakers as soon as the
death of a patient occurred at the hos
pital. The favored undertaker would then
6ee the friends or relatives "of the de
ceased at once in order to secure the fu
neral. The resolution adopted follows:
Hospital Employes Favor
Certain Undertakers
for Reward.
"Queen of Chinatown"
Levants With Sack
of Coin.
DEATH BRINGS
THEM REVENUE
FLEES WITH HER
EMPLOYER'S GOLD
MUSIC LOVERS
ENJOY A TREAT
When^he committee,' of which I was a mem
ber, went to .Washington last year. It did so
for the express purpose of asking the Govern
ment to give a certain percentage of Govern
ment freight to a private line plying between
San Francisco and the Philippines., if. such' a
line .was established. - We had the assurance of
certain .business men that they would ¦ estab
lish such a line If we could get: the Govern
ment to guarantee a - certain - amount - of
freight. .We were well received In Washing
ton and our Ideas were • favored by ¦. Secretary
of War Root and by the late President McKin
ley. We never went as far as to suggest the
abolishment of the transport service and the
sale of the ships. We did ask that the Gov
ernrrfent would not renew s the 'charters of
chartered transports but give the . business • to
private lines. Before the final step is : taken
in abolishing the transport service .we .want
to be sure that the business will not go from
this port. . It will take many millions of dol
lars to either buy the transports or put other
vessels in their places. It may be that the
Government may make it conditional that. the
private lines bidding for the business.- must
purchase the transports. I think it. problem-
George A. Newhall, president of the
Chamber of Commerce, said yesterday
regarding the matter: ¦ r - . ; :
General Oscar F. Long, "who" has charge
of the transport service In this port, de
clined to -discuss the proposed abolish
ment of the service when seen yesterday
and stated that the rules^of the depart
ment would not allow: him to speak- o»
the affair. " .
The* broad step of selling the transports
and giving the Government .business to
private lines is the result of a movement
inaugurated by the .Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company and. the Pacific Coast
Company. New York . capitalists , are
deeply interested , In the movement' and
their representatives -will watch the situ
ation at Washington. - • . -
Steamship Lines to Compete.
-For more than a year the various, com
mercial bodies of San Francisco . have
urged" the Government to give some of
its transport business to private ¦ carriers.
The Chamber of Commerce, the "Board of
Trade, the Merchants' Association and
other business organizations have worked
steadily to foster the formation of a'pri
vate, line between this port and Manila
and Tiave sought to divert some: of the
Government business from- the transports.
The n%ws that Secretary of 'War Root
has advocated before the House Military
Arfairs Committee. the abolishment of the
transport service entirely and the estab
lishment of a private line of . steamers
from this port to Manila was hailed with
great interest by. the business community
yesterday.. . - ; '. . ' . ¦ • .' ..
That mere will be a lively fight by va
rious steamship lines to secure the Gov
ernment business of handling troops and
supplies is assured by the informatlou
that the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
and the Pacific Coast. Company • already
have their representatives in Washington
preparing the way to winning the choice
plum that Uncle Bam will have to offer.
A rumor was afloat ' yesterday that
James J. Hill of the Great Northern road
would also enter the lists' and try to se
cure the i Government business tor - his
railroad' and for .the steamships that he
proposes to put on the- broad Pacinc
Ocean. > ¦ '• -:• .* •J--' : .."- vr ; ':'\
' In April ' of : last \ year .'a committee of
three went from San -Francisco to Thter
est the Government in a proposed steam
ship line from this city to Manila. ' The
committe consisted of George W. McNear,
representing the Merchants' Exchange;
Andrew Carrigan, for the'Board of Trade,'
and George A. Newhall, for the Chamber
of Commerce. '*,*?:
These prominent San Francisco busi
ness men • were received by ! Secretary ; of
War . Root and by, President, McKinley
and from, the two officials the heartiest
assurance was given that a private line
between the points named would receive
encouragement at the hands of the Gov
ernment. ' .'.'"¦. : '".'/"•-• : ¦-: '¦:¦-'-¦:
THE Investment ' of many/ millions
of dollars in - a steamship line be
tween San Francisco '; and the
Philippine Islands is likely .to
talce place shortly if the Govern
ment abolishes its present transport ser
vice, as announced in dispatches received
from Washington yesterday. '. . >
COMMISSION FOR
MINTS IN NAMED
The : Kilpatrick,:. 'Egbert, "Warren and
Meade were purchased at,flgures similar
. to those • paid for the *-. first five ¦ named
ships, and repairs and fittings on the ves
sels- increased the cost, to more than
$1,000,000 In each case.
Since the close of the . war with Spain
the American Government has disposed
of; air the transports that were used to
The 7. Government has an enormous
amount of' money. ¦ invested ¦_ In ' ths
transports now plying between. San 1 Fran
cisco and the -Philippines. ?V.mong the
more '¦ expensive ' vessels are ¦ the Grant,
Logan, Sherman,* Sheridan, Thomas 'and
Hancock.'. The purchase price of the first
five named was $660,000 j each and that of
the Hancock TrFOOOnn PWlfJIIMIjt'liiliWiDMffll' 11
If the Government proposes to sell its trans
ports | and - have its business . done by private
lines we certainly shall make a bid for some of
the work.- ¦.
% ! Millions ;. invested ';. in - Transports.
I cannot say anything at this time as to the
worth of the transports. I That is a matter that
cannot be answered offhand. Some of the trans
ports might not be available for carrying large
quantities of freight, being chiefly adaptable for
moving: troopB. •. -- •• . ~ T vg^atfsafrj^ MB>wfci|WBOi%
That is a ' question for the directors of the
company to decide. I will ; say, however, that
our company has been in business on this coast
for nearly fifty years and we are in the trans
portation business. . Of course if we can secure
the transport business we will probably do bo.
That is what we are In business for. We cer
tainly would expect to receive some encourage
ment from the Government and the people here
in preference. to the trade going to other cities
on T this coast and in .the East. •
•General Manager R. P. Schwerin of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company, when
asked yesterday if his corporation was
prepared to purchase the transports and
assume the • Government business, said :
•With the assurance of all or nearly all the
Government's - business, - it will be an induce
ment for steamship c lines to place the largest
ships on the direct run. - There are plenty of
Eastern steamship companies that will bid for
the business and with large ocean carriers,
business men Jn this city will be able to com
pete with firms that' now ship from the At
lantic ¦ seaboard to ¦ the - Orient, via the Suez
canal. > ' - - ¦' ;; ;:¦:/¦, ' ¦ ' -¦ -¦'.-..-
Can Compete With Eastern Finns.
It will help : to ' build up the commerce of
San Francisco. . ¦ Since the acquisition' of : the
Philippine Islands, the Government , has sent
an enormoua quantity of freight over there
and- there has been a large demand for goodd
of aU kinds through commercial channels. The
only way \we could ship goods was via Hong
kong, from which ¦ point reshipment was ¦ re-,
quired to Manila. On the regular lines run :
ning from, San ' Francisco to the Orient, mer
chandise coming via the : railroad : had .:. the
preference and . it was impossible at times to
secure room; for freight from this city to Ma
nila.
George W./McNear, in giving: his views
on the broposed sale of the transports,
said: f - ¦<•: ¦, . •-¦¦•. '-
¦ When we went* to Washington we were very
careful , to avoid mentioning the name : of ; any
private steamship line or company. We went
.there for ; the ; purpose of securing some of ; the
Government business between this port and, the
Philippines for Pacific Coast lines. .; As long as
the Government : was in tne transport 1 business
it was not possible for private concerns to run
a 'direct line between San Francisco and. Ma
nila. . WClth the guarantee of some of. the Gov
renment freight it would be an inducement for
capitalists to Invest in that direction. I think
the: proposed sale of/ the transports is a good
step.. I am satisfied. that the capital will be
forthcoming to establish a line from this city
capable of handling all the Government busi
ness and that of the commercial community. ; I
don't i think there is the slightest danger that
the. transport business will be diverted to Pu
get Sound and certainly not to New York. The
supplies, of forage and flour for the army must
be shipped from the Pacific Coast. - ' :
Andrew, Carrlga'n, in discussing the pro
posed movement, said:; ¦ r
Andrew Carrigan Favors • Sale.
atical If any San Francisco syndicate or steam
ship line Is .prepared to take this step. We
must - be very careful that the business now
passing- » through • this port does not leave us.
.We: would not want to see the transport'busi
ness i diverted to the . east or . the • north. - ¦ Per
sonally I do not 'think it is a dignified act for
the Government • to ¦ sell ' its transports. - It Is
Bald -that ' it costs ' th©- ; Government ¦ more . to
maintain the service' than it wuold cost to have
the work done by private lines. - I doubt this,
but even-if it is so It causes money to circu
late and goes into the pockets of • American
workmen.. » ",r ¦,' '.'
INTERESTS NEW YORK CAPITAL.
convey troops and - supplies from this
country; to -Cuba. According to state
ments made in Washington It has been
found that the method of: conveying
troops and freight by private - lines', is
cheapervthan by Government transports.
Largo Corporations Are Awaiting tb a
Action of Congress.
.WASHINGTON; . Jan. 10.— New York
capital Is deeply interested In the move
ment'inaugurated by the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company and the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company | for the abolition of
the; army transport' service. Representa
tives of the Pacific Mail Company are now
in, Washington 'and agents of the Pacific
Coast Company are expected here \ in a
few days. .'These gentlemen will immedi
ately apply pressure to the administration
and to Congress: for, the purpose of stop
ping, the • transportation r of ¦ troops and
army freight in transports
and the transfer of this business to pri
vate steamships. • - \
Secretary Root has indicated that he Is
in favor of such action the moment Con
gress passes a law authorizing the grant
ing of American charters to twenty- three
transports now owned by the Government.
When given American charters these
ships! will bring a high price, but if sold
under their present charters the Govern
ment will not receive their value for them.
-; It is claimed by opponents of the army
transport' service. that it Is operated at a
much greater expense than is necessary
and; that transportation of soldiers and
freight can be done cheaper by private
lines. -Moreover, the advisability - of en
larging American trade with the Orient
and encouraging private ship-building en
terprises are advanced as strong reasons
for the \ transportation of troops . and
freight by private firms.
Government transports cannot carry a
pound of private ; freight to ¦ the Philip
pines unless by direct consent of the "War
Department. ' ¦ '. _. .- . -.
Officials of the War Department explain
that the reason why: private steamship
lines will be able to handle Government
business cheaper than the transport ser
vice Is that they, employ Chinese for their
crews and junior officers.' "White labor is
employed upon 'Government transports.
vThe crew of a Pacific Mail. steamer re
ceives an average of $7 50 per month. On
transports men receive pay usually given
to white sailors.
In his estimates for- the expenses of the
army during the next fiscal year Secre
tary Root, upon recommendation of Quar
termaster General Ludlngrton, submitted
an item of $34,000,000. for cost of transpor
tation of. troops.. -. • -
Most of .this sum was to meet the ex
penses of : the, transport service.' It is
stated that. the comparison of the cost of
transporting officers and men to Cuba by
private steamers and the expense of
transporting them in Government vessels
shows that the former method is cheaper.'
The same result. It? is- predicted -will be
obtained from the use of private ships on
the .Pacific.^ ¦¦:':• . .¦ v . ¦
A plan is now before Congress to , abolish the transport service existing between San Francisco
and the Philippines and give all the Government business -to private steamship: lines. ' /
Secretary of War Boot has advised the House Committed on Military Affairs that, such a step be
'¦ taken. A big fight is likely to take place, between, the Pacific; Mail Steamship; Company, the, PacificXoast
Company and New York corporations, who; desire to secure the Government contracts. ¦•-
Steamship (^^
Will Take Place Before Congress to' Secure >
SECRETARY OF WAR ADVISES SALE
OF TRANSPORTS AND ENCOURAGES
ESTABLISHMENT OF PRIVATE LINE
¦-- ? aLe>8 : ' _[¦'¦' ''.. : ...^~~J2££ B '---
"' '\ Suits and Goats- —
¦Such values as these put them first in our . thought— and
yours: , ;
—All-wool Suits at $4- 95.
'(- '—$8;7 5- for Cheviot Yoke- Coat Suit.
: —Kersey Jackets at $2.95, $4.95. $5.75.
—Zoni$;Wrapsj$8:95; $10.75. $12.75.
It's adjustment time, that's why. Stocks must be righted
.': — put in ship-shape for spring. The result — bargains. *
Corded Velvet Belts 25c.
It's the best belt offer we have got hold of in a long while. You see how
pretty. they, are, how perfectly they fit the form, what pretty, dainty buckles
are, on them, and all for ,25c. You couldn't help but buy even if you did
not need a belt. If you do need one. you'd pay 25c for a buckle alone and
the belting is 40c, a yard. Here's the whole thing skillfully made up for 25c
Quite as attractive as these are • .
Girdle-backr Tucked Belts at 50c,
Made of black satin, with dainty Jewel dip buckle, either sold or oxydlzed. THESE
BELTS 15c— Elastic and satin tucked belts, with dip buckles. It's a grouping: of
several styles; choose any of them — 15c each.
Flannelette Skirt Lengths 25c.
2 l A yards each, in light blue, pink striped patterns; splendid quality of
flannelette, too.
12j>c Muslin (45 in.) now 9£c.
It's unbleached, a good medium grade, one that is classed everywhere at
i2Hc v But we've just received a thousand yards we can offer you at pj^c.
It isn t often you have an opportunity to save 3c a yard on muslin.
Hale' s is the place— to-day's the time.
To Buy Flannelette Wrappers.
—The prices are important.
—The ciotlv and style and trimmings
more important.
We don't know of any one who gives as much for the money as we
do, but that's not their fault. If they bought for six stores they might
get the advantages we do. I
jit 956 Wide dress skirt, deep flounce; fitted lining in waist; ruffle
around yoke; bishop sleeves; collar and yoke trimmed with
braid. Colors red, blue or black, with white polka dots.
/// jRJ-'P^i Square ruffle round yoke, back and front; bishop sleeves;
**• -T-*' ¦ ¦fuir.skirt.with deep flounce; collar, ruffle, cuffs and belt
made of border t<5 match. Red, blue and black striped.
t/Lt i? 7 /A Persian patterns; skirt with deep flounce and made full;
™ "1 bishop sleeve; pointed ruffle around the yoke; collar, cuffs,
belt made of border to match. All sizes. -
A 4- @J 95 Dee P ruffle around the yoke; bishop sleeves; inside fitted
™ ' waist lining; full skirt; wide flounce; cuffs and ruffle trim-
med with braid. Red, blue and gray with figures.
j%^^^^ m^m r% ' 1—-,^* fy .1.
I* Market Street,] *—*. fltf {Market Street,
Near Sixth, Tg^ffl JEm* l£U d^P Z$*3B> . Near Sbith.
• Opoosite Golden Jm/ /BffsZZJr g^ j Opposite Golden
I Gats Avenue. ! .«=* .^£^*t>CM> COOO&^*^ I Goto Avenue.
6 O : ar; -— * ¦ — O 6
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
GRANULATED "SUGAR, best cane, 22 lbs? $1
Extra Dry Spreckela' Refining. Market
"Will advance.
BEST L- Bros', brand HAMS, Ib 13s
Sweet Wines, Vintage 1892, qt. bot.. 25c
Port. Sherry. Muscatel. Tokay.
Angelica. Regr. 40c and 50c bottle. By
Tbe eal. 00c Regr. $1.50.
LENNOX SOAP, 8 cakes 25c
... Special Revest. Re r , « for 25c
CHOICE Point Reyes BUTTER, square, 37ic
Market Is advancing. R*g. 43<L
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. .45c
TVe hav* the Best Butter In ths city.
Re?. 65c
PETALUMA^ RANCH, EG8S, doZi.....25c
BEST* MISSION EG6Sr doz.% . .-. ... .321s
Received Dally. Reg. 40c. .< . v.
JAMS, Special Repast, 3 cans.... 25c
- 'Raspbtrfy; Strawberry, Blackberry,
• ' "Currant,- Goose b«rry, ' Plum. -Quince.
Code-Portwood. Canning Co. ••
Finest Quality. . Rei.; iBc can- /
MOCHA and JAVA (our bast) COFFEE, Ib 25c
. We have the best Coffee In th»
"World. Our friends say so. Rex. 33c
KEROSENE STAR OIL, b gallons $1.05
10o allowed for empty can.
MACARONI, SPABHETI I, box 20c
\ Special Request. Res. 25c.
Wood Alcohol, extra refined, qt. bot. 25c
Rerularly 40c
6 lirardeili's or Runkel Bros.'. Mb. can. 25c
Ground Chocolate. Rer. 30c.
OYSTERS, ask BRAND, $&*t, can . . I2fc
These Oysters are the Finest Brand '
That Baltimore carries.
SEEDED RAISINS, 3 pkgs 25c
Cleaned Currant*. Seedless Raisins.
2 pkxs. 25c Res. 15c pk*.
Ghlrardalli's or Runkel Bros.' Mb can, 20c
Cocoa. Rer. 25c
CHEAM Pore Bjfe WHISKEY, foil qt., $1.00
America's Finest Production. Rer. Si 80
TABLE FRUITS, 2Mb. can.... .!:&
Peaches, Pears, Apricots. -Rer. 20c
BORAX FL0AT1N6 SOAP, 6 cakes 25c
White. Rer. 4 cakes 25c
PETITSPOIS French Peas, can...... 1215
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of thea« ' "special"
sales. We ship free of charge -within 100
miles on all orders exceeding $5. Ask for
monthly orice list— free.
1348-1354 Market Street,
Opp. Seventh. Phone B. 292. No Branch Stores.
jllilll PARKER'S^ i
611P1 Balsam : ;
i Promotes the growth of t&e hair and
j; gives It the lustre and 3ll!dnes3 of youth.
' < > When toe hair la gray or taded tt
j! BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR.
J i It pretests Dandruff a ad hair tailing :
J and keep3 the scalp clean and healthy. :
'DR.MCNULTY:
rpHISWELL-KNOWIlASrDBKLIABLZ OLD
.L Specie Vnerires Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
Strlctnre. J»*miiial Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. . Book on Diseases of Men, free.
OTer20year»>xperienee. Terms reasonable. Hour*
9to3daily;6:30to3.30eVgs. Sunday. JO to 13. Consul-
tation freeand sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. KO8COE MeXULTY, M. D.
ZQJ4 Kearny 8t^ Han Fraaelaco, Cal.
EXPEST OPTICIAN.
FROM A o «™^g^gJ^
Mr. George Mayerle. 1071& Market st, near
Seventh — Dear Sir: The glasses you made for
my wife and me some time ago give us perfect
satisfaction, and are far superior to those we
have Jbeen wearing for years before. I heartily
recommend your method of testing and nttlnz
to all persons troubled with defects of the evea
Yours truly. HANS DAMES '
City Editor of the Taseblatt.
ij|S|« NOTICE
«SS^ neglected: eyesight
AFFECT S THE BRAIN. Mayerle's Glasses
cannot be had from any traveling optician
THE GRNTJTNE must be ordered direct
from GEORGS MATERLE. Graduate German
Expert Optician. 1071 »4 Market street, near
Seventh. San Francisco. Telephone South 572
German. Eyewater. 50c Mr. George Mayerle
doea not travel, nor does he employ any op-
ticians to represent htm.' CUT THIS OUT.
IMBBBHBSBaSBBBEiHBHBiBSEIBBSBEBEBSBBBBBIEBiaKBBBH
1422 Market St. 1422 Market St.
SAN FRANGISCQ SHOE HOUSE
We will inaugurate .the sale to-day of the above
shoe house. FAIRCHILD'S entire stock has bzen
moved to our store. It comprises the -:f nest makes of
Men's, Women's, Children's and Boys' Shoes that are
manufactured in- the wqi*ld. 'We purchased over
$40,000 worth for less than haU the , cost of prrduction
and we commence to-day to slaughter and cut so deep
that we will startle the public Look! Shoes at
20c, 4Oc, 45c and 50c a pair. J
DID YOU EVER HEAR OF IT BEFORE?
SALE TAKES PLACE AT THE
MONARCH SHOE CO.
1422 Market St.
BigBargains
Goods going at unheard of prices; fol-
lowing figures give but a slight Idea as to
the many good things we have to offer. ,
Women's Waists.
These prices will " tell you ' why we've
sold thousands of Waists this week.
"A 1 NEW. LOT OF 100 DOZEN GO ON
I SALE TO-DAY. ... v
QQ r for 75c heavy 'FLANNEL. J
Ocrl* waists. - - - :.v
''OOp'^for $1 25 GERMAN FLANNEL
DuC waists. .. ...
QQ r for 75c • MERCERIZED ~ BLACK
O«^C SATEEN WAISTS. . •
;fiQ r for $1 00 MERCERIZED BLACK
O«/C SATEEN WAISTS.
OQ r for $1 50 MERCERIZED BLACK
OvW SATEEN WAISTS: .
"<C1 QT for $3 OO - STRIPED ALBA-
«4>**O C TROSS FLANNEL or CASH-
¦ ¦ MERE -WAISTS.
CJ 1 OQ - for 52 00 FRENCH FLAN-
€PB»Z,«7 • NEL WAISTS. . . : - -
CO €\PZ ior choice of ¦ any $5 00
V*»"O WAIST In, the store. These
a waists are lined throughout and trimmed
with Hemstitchings, Tucks, Silk ~ Km- '.
- ¦'. broldered Applique and Point Venice In-
sertion; made of best Albatross, finest
Cashmeres and best quality French Flan-
nels; sizes 32 to 44.
Women's Underskirts.
<C1 I C ~ for our $2 00 HAND CRO-
CHETED SKIRTS. -made, of
-•¦ best^ German yarns.'
CAf. for $1 00 SKIRTS; flounces lined
tf V^ and' trimmed with ruffles, cords
: and • accordeon pleatlngs.
¦74r for * x 60. SKIRTS. -made of Mer-
.* Sateen; only about 6 dozen
." skirts in this lot.
! ! !^CORSETS ! ! ! T V
Here's a couple of- CORSET ¦ SPECIALS
that will bring, you to us. .. :
Your choice - to-day of , any $1 00 ¦ if* +r ->¦
CORSET. In the store at....r... OlC
Your choice , to-day " of any $1 BO O*TT^»
¦ CORSET In the store at ... ......' *7 i C
.-All you've got to do Is to go to our Cor-
set Department/ ask for our $1 00 or $1 50
Corset and get - them at ¦ - the advertised
prices.' " - .¦¦
A Few Hosiery S pedals.
S AH Hosiery on sale are full finished and
fast 'black; In. either fine, heavy or Riche-
lieu- ribbed. ->;•¦»--,- ¦
O r for 12>,Sc WOMEN'S COTTON
Oyt; HOSE. :--•..¦..' ¦ ¦ ; i ¦
1Q>» -for ¦ 35c WOMEN'S WOOLEN
¦ vV MIOSE. ;. '¦• "•'••¦"¦
: Q \ r , for 35c WOMEN'S BLACK LACE
¦**»¦>* HOSE. - ' ' . - . . .
1 \ n f or • 20c ¦ CHILDREN 1 S BLACK
:. A IV* . POLKA DOT HOSE.
- 1 Q I (i ¦ ¦ for 20c ; CHILDREN'S HOSE
*«x double knee,- 1 heel and toe. •
jVUST FOR TO-DAY.
5R 9. fl 55 f or^ H , 60 -,; DRESS ¦ skirts.
. *i> -* • *-* v made of Venetian doth ; new
. -flare effects; with stitched \ taffeta ¦ or
': ¦ '¦ satin bands ; ' one. of • the j greatest values
•. ever ; offered. • = • • -. : -.
StJi 4« Ior $5 M WOMEN'S DKESS
O •** E> SKIRTS, - made - of Serges
Camel's? Hair or fine Ladles', ¦¦; Cloths :
. made with <, swell flare . and : exceedingly
• graceful i In shape ; seams finely stitched •
.- beautifully: finished.. . ' •=.-..¦-.; .'_
Our phiidren's Cloak
Department'
IS • STRONGLY: REPRESENTED IN TC-
'••"•¦: r DAY'S SALE. '¦-.'¦
. ' We're :: selling -Children's ' Cloaks- at
: $l.O5, 92.5O and , 1K3.OS that • you can't '
buy " elsewhere i less than •. double. . l .
Here's ; a > chance > to buy ' Children's - Head-
'¦ wear i at ? one-third ? regular T prices.** '*$*¦&
We've ¦ gathered . together about 100 • CH1L-
- : DREN'S ' SILK I HATS y and .BONNETS.
I •. many, of them have sold as high aa $3 00>
we : give " you - your ¦ choice to-day €\ O
\'ot- entire lot at.'. .;..:..".....-.. aOC
-"/^ WE'RE r OPEN> TO-NIGHT ' TILL 11 '
O'CLOCK.. V;-*. •
1212-1214 MARKET ST.;
i V . ;^?*V Taylor and Jona3.
/ . . ADVERTISEMENTS. . J
f'l ALWAYS ASK FOR jj
1 WAgER BAKERS
11 (P(M^fflOeOIiATE
I LOOK ATTHE I
PU RE-DELICIOUS NUTRITIOUS
ESTABLISHED. 1760'
WALTER BAKER & CO. Limited.
~*& DORCHESTER, MASS. ©^
THREE COID MEDALS PANAMERICAN EXPOSITION J