Members of Court Issue Address to
Attorneys to Do Business Only
With Man of Their Se- '¦',
. lection. ' "
Windrow Will Open an Office,
• Although His Bond Is
Not Approved.
Power of the Executive
to Appoint Clerk
Is Denied.
JUSTICES ARE
AT OPEN WAR
WITH MAYOR
Removal of the Increased Revenue on A I Artic'es Except M ; xed
Flour Is Agreed to by the Ways -and Means Committee and
the Bill Will Pass in Congress With Little or No Opposition
REPEAL OF THE WAR TAXES
IS DECIDED UPON OWING TO
THE COUNTRY'S PROSPERITY
CHAIRMAN \A.ND TWO OTHER
PROMINENT^ MEMBERS OF THE
WAYS AND MEANS COMMITTEE.
THE CROOK WHO^WAS CAPTURED AT TRACY AND SCENE WHEN
JACK WADE, ALIAS DALY, .WAS BEING CARRIED INTO THE HALL
OF JUSTICE ON A STRETCHER.
Continued on Page : Two,-
Negotiating With Brigands.
RASIOG (Near Djumaya), Rumelia Eu
ropean; Turkey, Jan. 30.-A reporter- has
had an interview^with the delegates who
have been negotiating for the release of
Miss. Stone and Mme. ¦ Tsilka. They sai d
that their negotiations with the brigands
had been - unsatisfactory and that they
had Intended to return" to Constantinople
Before j starting, | however, they- say j they
received fresh* information which . induced
themto renew their communications with
the. brigands and r that : these .negotiations
are now proceeding. ;&£$j3888BtiB&*-
*-mr\ HE appointment by the Justices
VB of ; the ' Peace ' of Joseph Wind
* H \. row as clerk Of . the^ Justices'
¦ B ' Courts v to succeed E. "W. Wil
'-¦'JL.'?',' Hams, deposed for 'alleged mal
feasance in, office, was prolific of
exciting ¦developments at the City j Hall
yesterda"y. ; ',. ;•'.•. ;: ¦; ', '. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦.. t .. ¦¦ ",""; : : r -'
¦ Scarcely ; had -the Mayor been officially
informed of Windrow's selection as clerk
¦when.he.appoirited'PowerFredrlek to suc
ceed' Williams^ .Fredrick issued a 'bond
in thesum' of $10,000, and before the 'ink
was ."dry J it was \ approved by _ .the Mayor.
.Ten minutes^later, Windrow submitted his
bond In the' Bame~ sum," butthe* Mayor. de-
Conductor, Engineer and Brakeman
V Are Killed in a Disaster in
Colorado.
FREIGHT, TRAINS COLLIDE , :
ON RIO GRANDE WESTERN
GRAND r JUNCTION," Colo., Jan. 30.—
Three. men were. killed In, a head-on col
lision between two freight trains on .the
Rio Grande Western near Cisco, fifty-six
miles, west of Grand Junction, this morn'
ing.' The /dead: ; ' ¦_ .¦•-¦"- ' > .; - . .-;j.
WILLiAM WEBSTER, conductor. '
WILLIAM TUSKEY,- engineer. ¦ • 4 ' :
DANIEL BUCKLEY, brakemaii. '
The trains in collision were the first
section of westbound freight No. 17, leav
ing here at: 2:50 a, m., and eastbound
freight No. 145, from Salt Lake. The ac
cident is. believed to have been caused by
the • train dispatcher giving the/ wrong
orders to the eastbound train
OGDEN. Utah, Jan. 30.-A rear-end col
lision of two passenger trains occurred at
Golconda, Nev., .on the Central Pacific
this morning. One passenger, name un
known, was slightly injured. Traffic was
blocked for four hours. . wa f
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N, W.. WASHINGTON. Jan. SO.
—The repeal of all the war reve
nue taxes, except the tax on
mixed flour, was unanimously
voted by the Ways and Means
Committee of the House to-day and a.
resolution was adopted authorizing Chair
man Payne to frame the bill. The Re
publicans of the committee by taking the
initial action anticipated the move that
¦was contemplated by the Democrats, 'and
the politics in the action is found in the
following statement by Payne:
"It will be seen that we have kept far
ahead of our promises in repealing these
•war taxes. We promised when the bill
¦was passed that the taxes should be re
pealed as soon as the war and the ex
penses growing out of the war should
cease. While a portion of the expense
Is eolng on, yet because of the wonderful
prosperity of the country and the great
Increase In revenue from other sources
we are able to wipe out the entire war
taxes."
Before the final vote on the main prop
osition was taken In the committee ths
Democrats proposed and voted for
amendments excepting from the repeal
the products of the Standard Oil and su
gar trusts, repealing" the customs duties
on trust-made goods and , providing for a
tax 6T one-tenth of 1 per cent on -the
gross receipts of all corporations whose
annual receipts exceed $10,000,000.
These propositions were all defeated by
a strict party vote.
WHIN REPEAL TAKES EFFECT.
The resolution passed provides that the
repeal of the internal war taxes shall
take effect July 1, 1302, and the repeal of
the war duty on tea of 10 cents a pound
on January 1, 1903.
The tctal repeal of the war taxes will
reduce the revenues to the extent of $77.
000,000. This will 'still leave a surplus,
estimated upon this year's receipts, and
expense, of over $22,000,000 for the year,
while the Treasurer will start upon the
next fiscal year with 5174,000,000 available
ce*h in the treasury. The committee
deems it wise to have the repeal of. the
tax on tea take effect on the 1st of Janu
ary next. In order to enable retailers and
email dealers who have small slocks of
duty paid goods on hand to dispose of
them before the repeal takes effect. The
only exception in the sweep of the wax
taxes proposed is the tax on mixed flour.
This last year only amounted to -$6606,
but the committee decided "to keep the
tax on. The bill 'will pass both -branches'
of Congress with little or no opposition.
Newlands of Nevada and Metcalf of
California took actrve parts during the
committee's deliberations.
STATEMENT OF PAYNE. .;
Chairman Payne made the 'following
statement on the proposed repeal:
"The treasury now, has an available
cash balance of something over $174,000,000.'
It is not likely that this will be Increased
materially during the present fiscal year,
as the treasury is buying bonds at a rate
that will use up the surplus to accumulate
between this and the end of the fiscal
year, June 30 next. The" Secretary of the
Treasury's report estimated a surplus for
this year of $100,000,000, and subsequent re
sults seem to confirm this estimate. ' The
committee, therefore, thought it- was en
tirely safe to repeal the.remairider of the
war revenue taxes, amounting to $68,000,
000, and" the tax on tea; amounting to $9,
000,000, in the aggregate^ $77,000,000, at this
time. This will still leave a surplus esti
mated upon this year's receipts and ex
penses of | $22,000,000 or $23,000,000 for the
year, while we will start upon the next
fiscal year with $174,000,000 available cash
balance in the treasury. The committee
deems it wise to have the repeal of the
tax on tea take effect on the 1st of Janu
ary next, in order to enable those, espe
cially retailers and small dealers, who
have stocks of the duty-paid goods on
hand to dispose of them before the. repeal
takes effect. We can provide a rebate oil
the tobacco tax and guard against any
fraud upon the revenue for the reason
that the internal. revenue department has
this trade under close surveillance, and
can and will take an account of the stock
In, the dealers' hands, on the 1st day of
July next. But this will be impossible as
to teas, which come in as customs duties
and of which the Government has no ac
count, save as they are imported in large
quantities by the Importers. Continuing
this tea tax to the 1st of January will
give us six months' revenue In the next
fiscal year upon tea, and will make the
ultimate reduction for the next year con
siderably less than $75,006,000. "The bill .will"
be presented, to the House as soon as it
can be prepared."
Appended is a list of some of the leading-
articles affected by the repeal of the war
tax and showing the amount of revenue
they, have produced under, the increased
rate: . • .
"The tax on beer is placed at $1 per bar
rel, a reduction of 60 cents; beer has pro
duced over $112,000,000 of war revenues.
The tax on tobacco Is placed at 6 cents
per pound,. a reduction of 3 6-10 cents; to
bacco-has produced over $54,000,000 of war
revenues. ' ' ;
The repeal of schedule A of the law in
cludes the tax on bonds, debentures, etc.,
certificates of stock, sales or agreements,
stock transactions, inland bills of ex
change, bills of lading, indemnifying
bonds, certificates of profit, brokers' con
tracts, custom-house entries, warehouse
entries and steamboat passage tickets;
these articles have produced about $120,
000.000 of war' revenues.
The repeal under schedule B includes a
tax of 1 cent per pint bottle on. wine and
2 cents on bottles over a pint, and legacy
taxes; these articles have produced over
$15,000,000 of war revenues. :
The special- taxes wiped out by the re
peal are those on. bankers and brokers,
dealers in grain, securities, etc., pawn
brokers, ; custom-ho'use brokers, proprie
tors of theaters, circuses, \ exhlbtions.
bowling alleys . and billiard-rooms, and
dealers in and manufacturers of tobacco
and cigars; these have produced about
$20,000,000 of war revenues.
Continued on Page Two.
wound is entirely heale*. The footpad'
was • taken from the hospital to the Jail
under a careful guard.
Detectives Wren and Dinan and several
police-officers went 'out in the patrol
wagon that brought Wade to the prison.
He was placed on a stretcher and,attract
ed .no end of curiosity as he v was being
lifted from the' wagon " In front of the
Hall of Justice. ' . • : -
John Courtney, alias "Leadville Jimmy,'.'
was arrested in Oakland on . October "2-3
last, when Chief of Police Hodgklns and
several of his assistants raided a thieves'
den at the corner of Second and Jackson
streets. "Leadville "Jimmy" was i one qf
nine thieves who fell Jnto the hands of
:the Oakland police as a result of the raid.
Five of the -men were convicted on
charges of vagrancy and , sentenced to
serve terms in the'Oakland County Jail
ranging from thirty to sixty days.
HE FEIGNED INSANITY.
"Leadville Jimmy," Frank Caldwell,
Frea ; Smith 'and James Murphy were ex-,
amined on a charge of having robbed the
residence of H. Bendell at the corner of
Third and Allison streets/ While the ex
amihation was pending ; Smith. Caldwell
and Murphy escaped from the Jail. Smith
was recaptured and sentenced to. five
years in the penitentiary, and "Leadville
Jimmy," who had successfully' feigned in
sanity, was committed to the State Hospi
tal at Stockton. During the month of De
cember "Leadville Jimmy" was released
from the insane asylum, the officials were
having made up their minds that he was
not insane!' The. crook was allowed to go '
scot free, as the robbery case against him j
had been dismissed upon his committal to !
'the asylum. ,- • ¦' . ' •?-.££; i
';, Courtney met -.Wade, ' Goucher « and
"Brownie"- in' Stockton 1 after his • release
4 Leadville Jimmy"* Is Taken Into
Custody by Shrewd Country
: Constable.
from the asylum,.' and when Moore, the
leader of the men, was arrested there for
burglary, Courtney came to this city with
.Wade. He visited the Turk-street house,
where, the thieves lived, quite frequently,
but further than that he did not asso
'ciate openly with Wade, Goucher and
"Brownie." who generally traveled to
gether. \ • .
Courtney's companions were Jack Wil
liams,, alias "Denver Jack," and the mu
latto known as "Slippery Sam."
COMPOSED OF "WEGG" MEN".
"Leadville Jimmy," Wade, "Brownie,"
Goucher and fhe rest of the band of
thug* ,who murdered Policeman Kobin
" son belong to that class of thugs known
ito the police of large cities as "Wegg"
menu ' They repr'esent'a class of criminals
, whose traits are both eccentric and pe
culiar. "Wegs" men differ from other
criminals in many respects. They travel
through the country in bands and usually
confine their lawlessness to cracking
safes and holding up pedestrians. There
is a spirit of loyalty among them not
usually found In the average city thieves.
"Wegg" men have an intense hatred for
policemen and when one of them mur
ders or wounds a peace officer
he becomes a' hero In the eyes
of his comrades in. crime. Members
of this class of thieves always have two
or three beggars or cripples In their
bands. The cripples go about from place
to place seeking alms and selling "any
old thing" that 'will give them entrance
Into "private or offices. -In this
way they ascertain how the "land lies" for
their confederates, who go th«e later un
der the cover of darkness and ply their
nefarious . trade. "'Wegg" men' invariably
¦¦o- '¦ \eADVILLE JIMMY," the nes-
H -¦ whose name was" first
B v _ linked with the murder of Pollce
3. ' man Robinson in' the exclusive
'* 4 story published in Wednesday
' . . morning's Call, .was captured yes
terday by .Constable Geizicke 'at Tracy.
Chief of Police Wittman received infor
mation early ' yesterday > morning that
"Leadville Jimmy," who is also known as
John Courtneyand as James Rlley, was in
Tracy. A man who passed through Tracy
yesterday sai& the' man standing at the
depot'evldently waiting to catch a freight
train. Upon arriving" in this city the man
who saw Courtney called upon Chief Witt
man and told his story. . ' ;•
The Chief wired Constable Geizlcke im
mediately, giving him a full description of
the man, .and' requesting the Constable
at the same time to, take Courtney into
custody if he succeeded in locatirig^hini.
• Courtney has but one eye, and as he is
partly paralyzed on one side, it was an
easy matter for the Constable to pick him
up. Constable Geizlcke searched the town
for ' "Leadville i' Jimmy" and' finally suc
ceeded in. locating him. in oneof .the ; sa
loons. Approaching him, the Constable
grabbed him by.ttie hand and said, "Hello,
Courtney," , The man' looked I surprised
for- a moment. and then answering, 'asked
in surprised tones, "How did you know my
name?." ¦ .' < '¦ : '-,'.'*¦.¦
"The Constable took the telegram from
Chief Wittman but of hia pocket and ey
ing Courtney carefully,- noted that his
general' appearance! tallied exactly jj with
the. description. sent by the Chief:'
Without any. further parleying, the Con-;
stable . took Courtney into custody." - He
telegraphed Chief Wittman that he had
apprehended- the much- wanted murderer
and also notified 1 the Chief that it would
be necessary to take* the prisoner to Stock
ton ¦ because '[ there * was no jail in- Tra?:y
sufficiently strong to place such a. precious
prisoner as "Leadville; Jimmy"; in.-
TAKEN V TO STOCKTON.
Courtney was hustle^" aboard a train
and taken to Stockton, -.where he arrived
at 9 .o'clock last night. -Upon arriving at
Stockton the prisoner, whom the police" are
satisfied was one of \ the .men who mur
dered Policeman -Robinson, was Incar
cerated in the County Jail, : where he will
be kept j until the arrival of : Detectives
"Wren and Dinan, who wlirbring him back
to this city. , The /two detectives will
leave for Stockton this morning. "'-. Court
ney was one of the. three men who walked
ahead . of Wade, J Goucher and "Brownie"
on the morning when they murdered Rob
inson. . -. -¦ .; ¦ , .. •¦• ¦¦'¦'¦' ..'"¦. ' *
Jack Wade, the footpad who was shot
and captured v during; the running ( ; fight
with the .police," was removed
morning: from the City and County Hos
pital to | the City ;' Prison. ; Wade is ', still
suffering from his.wound, but the physi
cians felt] satisfied that\he was sufficient
ly: convalescent to". bo ; moved .to. the. less
comfortable at .. the '¦ Jail. - A . phy
sician^ will visifhiny every, day- until, his
John Courtney Is
in Stockton
Prison.
IDETEIl 51 1 X ED .it hi m,
morning; to nceept Mr.
Wllliaina' ' reslgsiat ion.
and lift ve . r'niJuolnted
/ PoTrel -, Fredrick.-- chief .
clerk of the Jui«tlces of
the Peace • for AVHHamn'nn
explretl term.'^I hare heard
i of., the, atteinpte«l' H 'ncUon.;of
the Justices to forVistnll-'thi*
¦ appointment! ¦;, Thi«% act l«
npt ;to' be the"la*t itriw to
break' <hc camel'.* .back. :;lt
may prove to'.l>e*l>ie I»'ej5in
??ja1nK'€»f'the;en&6f tMr.
in the City '-Hall.:' ' l ;
' v The 'situation- of off air* i*
Pbamcfnl. . >o other • vrorcl
properly" _ eipre»«c» condi
tions, ".tin an endeavor ; to
• nave one of the members of
the crowd and threatened .
disclofcures, the County Clerk; .
and hin. deputy make mld
nlght- >flllnss" of formal
complaints and orders in the.
office of private attorneys. -
•"When' the 'accused official
publicly acknowledges the
truth of the charse* brought
'a'sainst him by tenderinf? me
his resignation, the Justices
of . the ; Peace, whom It has
heretofore .been, almost im
possible to .ilnd. about their
. courts • or chambers after
the noon hour, are hurriedly
brongbt together by some in
fluence . at another night
• meeting, said to have, been
held at. a private hotel, and
not fit thelr.'court room, and
now finding for the first time
after several years ..that
¦: WlllianisWas "lax in his du
ties" ; "removed" him, and
assume' to appoint In his
place Joseph Windrow, one
' of ' the , old Crimmlns gnard,
a. colleague of Williams,
Tvho, I .am Informed, has
been in every municipal of
fice under punh control. It
is announced by the Justices
/.that he, is, a. deputy sheriff;'
he ¦ it»x last, year, but this
year the atmosphere is still
more congenial in the Coun
ty Clerk'w office and be , is
now on the County Clerk's
staff.;- : .
I shall not recognize the
Justices'"' act. In the 'first
place, they have no power to
remove" anybody. That power ,
¦ Is vested- solely in the -Mayor!
In' the i next place, under, the H
law, a vacancy can be filled
only by: the Mayor's appoint
ment. I have enough to at
tend ; to irithoat - being e'm
' broiled, in these complica
tion*, but the _ ward' polltl-.
." elans - majr. as .well , under
stand.now as any time that
' they have' a' different kind
of i man ' to r deal with this :
. year.. .-¦ ?.:-]¦•¦**,%">¦- '<¦ ¦ r
'. .1 am almost Inclined to lay.
every' other duty aside tem
porarily .and proceed' " to",
'make an ¦ effort to clean out
the City Hall' of its entire.
" corrupting ."push." v I think
I could 'render the city no •
better .-service. .A». to .the
Justices of the Peace, I hope
some' way may be found to
show • clearly. . to the people '
\ -what . Influences ' ' control
them.— -Statement of Mayor
Schmitz. ' .-' • '
MAYOR SOHMITZ
SHARPLY SCORES
CITY HALL PUSH
VOLUME XCI.— NO 62.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, 31, 1902^
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
COURTNEY, alias Jimmie Rilcy, alias "Leadville Jimmy," who was on* of 'the "six r men: who murdered Policeman Robinson, was captured 'yesterday at Tracy by .Constable Get zicke. The thug [
** was lodged in the Stockton jail last night, where > he 'will I remain 'until Detectives -Wren and iDinan-bJmg^himto-thi/city. / , •
"Leadville Jimmy's" connection wttk the case was first mentioned;, in the exclusive story of "the 'gaitgi 'operations on the night of the- murder, which was published- in Wednesdays- Call. He was
one of tlie six men wlw tried to blow open the safe at the Cypress Lawn Cemetery and who 'on their rett^ ..
MEMBER OF GANG OF THUGS THAT MURDERED
POLICEMAN ROBINSON IS CAUGHT AT TRACY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLGraduation' at Normal School.
: BRUSSELS,, Jan.- 30.— The Chamber, of
Deputies here was the scene of a free fight
to-day-between th'e socialist and Catholic
factions. .The trouble grew out of a pro
posal to. prosecute .M. Smeets, -a Socialist,
for a recent revolutionary ' speech.' The
disorder- began in the galleries, which
were eventually cleared by force. There
after the uproar was continued on; the
•floor. The Socialists advanced In a body
against the benches of . the "Catholics,
shouting taunts and epithets. The Depu
ties finally, engaged in fisticuffs and the
sitting was suspended.. But when .the ses
sion, was resumed the disturbance recom
menced arid prevented I the transaction of
business. ¦ ¦
dulge in Fisticuffs and . the
. Session Is Suspended.
Socialist and Catholic Factions In-
ITREE FIGHT IN CHAMBER.
OF DEPUTIES "AT BRUSSELS
'Attorney Riordan appeared-before Judge
Cook and announced that his. client, Wil
liams, had resigned as clerk ,'of the Jus
tices' Court, and he therefore asked that
the writof review demanded by 'him, ana
which was to, be argued to-day, . be dis
missed. The motion was granted, and
¦Williams thereupon stepped "finally out of
the. litigation- . . .
In' any- ''event until the dispute has
been adjudicated in court the complex na
ture of the. situation will seriously hampet
the transaction ¦ of the ordinary- business
of the • Justices' Court. With two clerks
inviting- the business of the public and
each with . an office independent of the
other and operated by separate staffs -the
situation is one which has not a parallel
in municipal history. - : < - -~. ' .
Business Is Hampered.
STOCKTON, Jan- 30.— Two unknown
men were.; burned :»to death early this
morning * on ' the v Kidd ranch at Undine,
.fourteen" mijes ¦•-west i of Stockton, In' a
'fire '-which; destroyed^'the bunkhouse of
Williams, sBixlerv&* Johnson. The men,
who were laborers. andlhad their blankets
with, them, were 'given permission early,
kii'th'e: evening to,'sleep 'In the bunkhouse,
; h*as -,. a capacity 'TOf about 200 men.
•They 'were •the-0 only occupants of -the
building; last. night.: V' *
J The fife." was discpyered about 3 o'clock.
'Abdut* daylight- the ¦ charred ', remains of
.thei two. 'jiien >.were <¦¦ found in the ruins.
The structure, erected at a cost of $2000,
:was! totally; destroyed. ¦ •
himself* and "throw the administration in
disrepute;- with'- sensible, law-abiding peo
ple.",.' - :/;,-•• : :u ¦ .' ¦ ¦' , ' .
That "the wrangle must find its denoue
ment lit the . courts is the opinion of at
torneys who;, have* watched the proceed
ings. The'question as to the form the lit
igation <Will. take is an open one. Unless
Windrow's 'bond is approved by the
Mayor he cannot qualify as clerk, but the
Justices declare that he is de facto clerk,
and that it is unnecessary for him to file
a bond with .the Mayor for his approval.
If it is demonstrated that a bond must be
filed and If the Mayor insists in ignoring
Windrow's ; appointment the litigation : is
likely to open with' an application by Win
drow for a writ of mandate to compel the
Mayor, to approve the bond. .
Men Permitted to Sleep in a Bunk
house Perish in a . ;
Blaze.
TWO 1ABOEERS BIE
V. IN FIRE AT A BANGS
Thomas Doherty Is Waylaid on Mis
sion Street and Relieved of
Forty Dollars.
Thomas Doherty of the firm of Doherty
& Fahy, saloon-keepers at the corner of
Folsom and Tenth streets. Is among the
latest of those who have fallen victims to
footpads. One morning recently, while he
was on his way to his home on Ninth
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 30. — At a meeting
of the 3oard of Health of Kern City last,
night City Marshal Williams was in
structed to kill all dogs seen about the
streets. This action was taken owing to
the fact that the Infant son of Track
walker Cook, an employe of the Southern
Pacific Company, had contracted small
pox from a pet dog. The animal had
every symptom of the disease and was
killed. The Board of .Health has also or
dered the schools closed.
Kern City Canines Host Go.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— Dispatches received
here from Dublin contain alarming re
ports of a reign- of terror prevailing in
Roscommon County. Tenants . who are
suspected of paying rent are visited at
night by armed men, notices are posted
threatening death to traitors, and mid
night meetings are of nightly occurrence,
the people being assembled by beacon
fires. John O'Donnell, member of Parlia
ment for South Mayo, is reported to have
addressed a midnight meeting, at Fair
mount, at which he challenged the Chief
Secretary for Ireland, Wyndham, to come
into the open at the head of 5000 or 10,000,
either soldiers or police. If he (Wynd
ham) would give the men of Connaught a
month to prepare, O'Donnelf said, he did
not hesitate to declare that he would
meet them, even at great numerical odds,
and settle the land question for good.
Alarming Reports Reach
England of Trouble
in Ireland. •
TERROR REIGNS
IN ROSCOMMON
IO0TPADS BRUTAIXY BEAT
A1TD BOB SALOON-KEEPES
The suspect is of about 110 pounds
weight, with his "right eye out, and ap
parently partly paralyzed on the right
side. He wore no beard and is rather
light complexioned. Geizicke took the
man out and at onee commenced to in
terrogate him. He • had evidently been
drinking. He- stated that he had left
Napa the first' of the week and gone to
Vallejo. From there he started up this
¦way, but was "switched out" ail one
night at a station and came near -freezing
to death. . . •
"'I'll have to take you to Stockton," said
the Constable.
"Don't take me to the asylum," said
Courtney, in apparent alarm.
He was then asked if he had been in San
Francisco recently, and he shut up Kke
a dam.
**I have talked to officers before and It
always caused me. trouble," he said.
The man had evidently been drinking
heavily and at the jail to-night was in a
stupor. He retired to the far end of his
cell and would pay no attention to ques
tions. Sheriff Sibley is inclined to be skep
tical about Courtney's connection with
the case in which his name has been men
tioned and to-morrow an investigation
¦will be made as to his statement that
he was in the asylum for a while and was
..-ejrularly discharged therefrom.
There were no 'wounds on Courtnev and
his blind eye is not from a recent injury.
On his arrival here he begged for another
drink, but it was refused him.
STOCKTON, Jan.. 30.— Constable Gel
zicke of Tracy this evening brought to the
County Jail a man who is believed by
that officer > to be ¦ John Courtney, alias
"Leadville Jimmy," a member of the
gang implicated in the murder of Police
man Robinson. . Geizicke states that this
afternoon he received a telegram from
police headquarters In San .Francisco sta
ing that "Leadville Jimmy*', was supposed
to be In Tracy.. He -began a search and
soon espied a man in a Tracy saloon an
swering the description given him. He at
once approached tie fellow and grasping
him by one arm. the hand of which, sus
piciously enough, was In his pocket, said:
"Hello, Courtney." ... r
"How did you know my name?" asked
the fellow. •
Courtney Refuses to Talk to the San
Joaquin Officers. •
"If Mayor Schmitz believes he will win
public approval by his present arbitrary
course he will find himself woefully mis
taken. He is fpllowingr in tha footsteps
of Sutro,' who saw in every public act of
every public servant the influence of the
'cctopus.' Schmitz believes Crimmins
dominates every man in office and every
city employe must necessarily be /me of
the- 'push.'— If- the- Mayor-continues- In this
way. he; will; make a laughing stock of
Recalls Sutro's Habit.
"When Williams resigned I immediately
appointed Fredrick as his successor. I ap
proved his official bond and he immediate
ly qualified. The Justices in appointing
Windrow sought to fill a vacancy which
did not exist, and the filling of which if it
did exist was vested in the Mayor. I am
acting in accordance with the provisions
of the charter and '. I will not be influ
enced in my acts by the City Hall poli
ticians. These people cannot frighten me
and the sooner they find that out the bet
ter it will be for all concerned. It is not
a question tof law with 'the. push,' but one
merely of politics. The appointment by
the Justices was clearly dictated by the
Republican boss, but so far as I am coii
cerned Crimmins will not force .more of
his creatures into the City Hall while I
am able and willing to frustrate his de
signs." • • - ' - ,
Presiding Justice Daniel? criticizes the
Mayor's utterances strongly. He denies
that Windrow's appointment was dictated
by Crimmins . or any. one else in political
authority. He (Daniels) Baid he voted for
Windrow because he knew him to be a
competent clerk. Justice Daniels said
further: .
Sees Boss Dictation.
Mayor Schmitz said last night that- he
would not recognize. "Windrow or approve
his bond. Resuming he said:
The Justices say they have the attor
neys of the San Francisco bar on their
side and that all haying business with^the
lower municipal court will aid Windrow's
light by refusing to recognize or do busi
ness with the Mayor's appointee. It is
well known that Sheriff Lackmann Is not
in sympathy with the administration and
that he refuses to recognize Fredrick to
the extent of refusing attachments bear
ing his signature. This attitude of the
Sheriff has in a measure paralyzed the
business of the Justices' Courts and if is
needless -to say that the latest develop
ments in the matter will not serve to dis
pel the gloom of the situation. ¦•",;
The inauguration of business by Win
drow must necessarily result in confusion
so far , as the business of the Justices'
Court is concerned. The records of the
office are in charge of Fredrick, who re
fuses to give them up under any circum
stances. Without these records, which
are indispensable, Windrow admits his
operations will be perfunctory.' He is act
ing under the advice of his attorneys and
says he is willing to take the conse
quences. He holds that his appointment
is legal and that the position assumed by
rhe Mayor has no footing at law.
FREDRICK HOLDS RECORDS.
Believing that this notice would bring
the business of the office to him, Windrow
made arrangements to open his office at
the legal hour of 8 o'clock this morning.
He appointed as his clerks George Mc-
Comb and Robert W. Dennis, both hav
ing served for years under Williams. The
question of quarters was the next con
sideration. The Justices solved this mat
ter by offering: Windrow the use of Pre
siding Justice Daniels' chambers until
such time as the Sheriff might be able to
provide permanent quarters under the or
der of court. 'It was .decided also to direct
Sheriff Lackmann to equip the new office
with all the papers and paraphernalia
necessary for the transaction of the busi
ness of clerk of the Justices' Courts
. The unexpected removal by the Justices
of E. W. Williams after his resignation
had been sent to the Mayor and the sub
sequent, appointment of Windrow as his
successor will result in complications the
end of which no one can foresee. At a
meeting . of the Justices late yesterday
afternoon a* notice was issued to the bar
acquainting the attorneys of Windrow's
appointment .as clerk and ordering that
all filings must be made with him. The
notice further stated that all processes,
writs and orders must bear his signature
as clerk in order to meet with the recog
nition of the Justices.
JUSTICES NOTIFY BAB.
After .Windrow's attempt to. have his
bond approved the Mayor issued a state
ment in -which he announced his reasons
for appointing Fredrick in opposition to
the Justices. He declared that Windrow
was; one. of t5|e Crimmins "push" and
that the,. Justices were dominated by the
'same -political 'influence.*- The executive
declared -.open war. against, the City Hall
"push"; and announced that he Intended
to clean the City Hall of its corrupting
influence. . The statement was generally
recognized as a "warm document" and
those interested found much in it to think
about and discuss.
clined'.to approve it because, as he said,
it was not'worded in accordance with the
charter provisions. Attorney Riordan,
who represented Windrow, drew up an
other bond, but the Mayor found fault
with this, as It did not provide for.- the
turning over • of all records and docu
ments to . a successor. This was again
remedied and Uhe amended botd will be
finally, submitted to the Mayor for his ap
proval to-day. That Mayor Schmitz is
determined to ignore ' Windrow and his
bond is. a certainty.
DEEADS GOING TO ASYLTTM
Continued From Page One.
HOUSE PASSES
A CENSUS BILL
tion of a Permanent
Bureau.
.:¦•,¦•¦¦ " ¦ -. r *
Provides for the Crea-
. WASHINGTON, Jan. 3O.-The House to
day passed the bill for the creation of a
permanent census bureau. The friends of
the civil service law, who were opposed to
making the employes of the- bureau eligi
ble ' for transfer or retention,' were over
whelmingly defeated. By the terms of
the bill tho permanent organization will
, succeed the present temporary organiza
tion July 1, 1902, and all employes on tha
rolls upon the date of the passage of the
act will become eligible for transfer to
other departments or retention in the per
manent organization. The bill also pro
vides for a manufacturing census in 1905
and for the collection of certain special
statistics annually.
Early in the session a bill was passed
for the protection, of the lives of miner*
in the Territories.
Commander Norton Besigns.
TOPEKA, Kana., Jan. 30.— Department
Commander Martin Norton of the Kansas
Grand Army of the Republic has tendered
his resignation to National Commander
Torrence. The. members of the* council of
administration will meet' here at an early
date to consider the resignation. Vice
commander J. B. Remington, who is now
in charge of the office, will succeed to the
place. The charges recently preferred
against Commander Norton -will probably
d© dropped and his resignation accepted.
From the depths of our hearts we thank
you for universal manifestations of sympathy,
and the honors and respect shown to the mem
ory of our dear Eugene, who was the day
star of our lives.
MRS. M. . W. ROBINSON.
EMMA ROBINSON.
WALTER a ROBINSON.
To tHe PeoDle of San Francisco: Since the
death of our dear son and brother. Officer
Eugene C. Robinson, many messages telling us
of your sorrowing sympathy have come to us
through the columns of ihe press and letters
lrom dear friends in your midst.
The following communication to The
Call from the sorrowing mother, brother
s.nd sister of the plucky policeman who
lost his life in the discharge of his duty
is self-explanatory:
QUINCT. Plumas County. Cal., Jan. 27, 1902.
These are their road names. The mo
ment they are jailed by the police, how
ever, they give false names. The "Wegg"
men have a sort of criminal jargon of
their own that differs materially from the
slangy phrases used by ordinary thieves.
have nicknames, such as "Leadville Jim
my," "Frisco Slim," "The Two-by-Six
Kid." "Chicago Red," or "St. Louis
Brownie."
JUSTiCtS AT OPEN WAR WITH MAYOR
Owing to the suddenness .of the attack
and the darkness which prevailed at the
time Doherty did not observe how many
footpads * attacked him.-, but - he is - of the
opinion that there were two. ;
The robbery occurred on • Mission street,
near the entrance to Dora street, between
Ninth and Tenth. Mission street at this
point, was in a state of being repaired
and part of the roadbed had been exca
vated. The footpads, who evidently had
been expecting the approach of Doherty,
waited until he reached the brink, of the
excavation and then struck him a power
ful blow on .the back of the neck. The
blow precipitated him into . the hole,
where he lay in a dazed state until . the
robbers took his money. In falling into
the .excavation Doherty * sustained a se
vere laceration of the nose and other in
juries about his face. —
street about C ' o'clock, he was waylaid
and after having been brutally beaten
was robbed of $40. The robbers did .not
take his watch and chain.
Continued From v Page One..
OME OF GagS Of THUGS THATMURDERED POLICEMAN RQBiNSQR IS CAUGHT
The plain -.truth of the matter, therefore,
developed I for the first time under the search
light -of this inquiry, although .quite Inci
dentally, 13 that so far. as the Gloucester, th«
Iowa, the Indiana, j the Texas and the Oregon
are concerned, - not • the stroke of a ' propeller
blade, nor the touch of a helm, not the firing
of a shot,' was done under the direction or by
the orders of - Admiral >. Schley . during this
memorable battle.: ••„ '. .-, - • • ..
-All this Is established- not -by theoretical de
ductions' or expert or. Inexpert opinion, bO'
by direct, positive, . unimpeached and unlm
peachable testimony, given under oath- by th<
admiral's brothers in arms.- ¦¦¦ - . . ¦•
The weight of the testimony is to the effec
that the commodore , controlled' the movement:
of his .flagship, the Brooklyn, well, with th(
exception of the loop. But it also shows, noi
negatively, but affirmatively and beyond ques
tion, that he did. not control the operations oi
the fleet in general' on that day. '
' The contention that the magnificent work
of the Oregon, or any part of it, was done
under orders from the Brooklyn, . or. that the
Oregon received and obeyed even a : single
order from Commodore Schley from tho tim«
the, Spanish ships were sighted" to the time
of the surrender of the Colon, which surrendei
mayfalrly.be taken as the close of the battle,
must be abandoned, 'and, with it goes the lasl
peg, with which to hang the pretense -of a
claim that during: the battle of Santiago Com
modore 'Schley effectively exercised any of the
functions of a "commander In chief. .
The question is not much one of possible
credit to but of possible censure of Admiral
Schley in connection with- the work of -that
vessel in -the battle | of Santiago. The plain
truth . is that Admiral Schley did not during
the- battle In- any way direct or control the
splendid performances of the Gloucester and
the three battleships, Indiana, Iowa and Texas,
The officers in command of these ships nelthei
received nor obeyed a solitary order from him.
The comment closes in the following
words: :\>; - *~
Deny That He Was in Command.
. Upon all the above-named features, believed
-by us to be the most Important, if not the
only really important, matters into which the
court made Inquiry, the conduct of Admiral
Schley . was condemned by that most distin
guished tribunal. , Admiral Dewey and Rear
Admirals Benham and Ramsey unite in their
findings and opinion upon all these several
points and they unite also In the . significant
recommendation that no further proceedings be
had "in view of the length of time which
has elapsed since the occurrence of the events
of the battle of Santiago." . .
The . commentators say they recognize
the fact that Admiral Schley devoted by
far. the larger part of his appeal to the
question of command, and consequently
gave that question a proportionate space
in their comment. They declare that the
question is between Sampson and Schley.
Both alike are interested, and to inves
tigate it fairly both should be heard.
Such incidental testimony on this point
as came before the court was on Schley's
side only, and the details were entirely
closed to Sampson. . .
The commentators next state: ' "\
If Commodore Schley were in absolute com
mand -.during the. battle,- and .If he had made
any use of . his authority, he must have ex
ercised some control over some of the vessels
participating.
Wainwright of the Gloucester said he saw
no orders from the Brooklyn; Taylor of the
Indiana said he saw no signals from the Brook
lyn; Evans of the Iowa said of the Brooklyn,
"I never saw. any signal, from her. I did not
maneuver in obedience to any signals from the
Brooklyn"; the commanding officer of tha
Texas is dead, • but the officer's testimony
makes it clear that she received no orders, j
Speaking of this ship the commentators
declare: , , ..
Discuss Question of Command.
The chief event, however, was the Tem
plars') reception and ball at' the Gait .House
to-nigh t.> i Several hundred ¦ uniformed
Knlghts'and their ladies were present and
the ballroom of the hotel was elaborately
decorated .with electrical designs of flags,
anchors and ¦ Templars' emblems, ¦ while
potted plants and flowers and festoons of
evergreen lent attractiveness to the scene.-
Admiral and Mrs;Schley, the iormer in
his Templar ' uniform, with' Grand Com
mander H. T. Jefferson' of Kentucky, and
Mrs. Jefferson, surrounded < by a commit
tee : of fifty-six Knights, occupied a posi
tion on a. dais at one end of the room, in
front of a. great .rear admiral's flag sur
mounted by, a great American banner <Jn
which" Schley's name was formed by elec
tric lights, while, a- long line of Knights
and their ladies r passed by and shook
hands with- the; admiral. , Following the
reception '. was the' ball, which was open
ed' with a- grand -march led by Admiral
Schley arid Mrs. Jefferson' and ' Mr.'. Jef
ferson, and Mrs. Schley, to an accom
paniment'of martial airs.
To-morrow morning Admiral and Mrs.
Schley will take: a much needed rest,, and
at 3 o clock in the afternoon wilKleave for
Nashville in , the. private car ofi-President
Smith of" the Louisville and v Nashville
Railroad. .
. WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— The "com
ment" of Judge Advocate General Lemly
and Solicitor Hanna upon the appeal of
Admiral Schley, as submitted to ' the
President by Secretary Long, is less than
a third as long as the appeal itself. The
commentators begin with the statement
that Admiral Schley and his counsel have
shifted their ground. They say the chief
features of the case were the "retrograde
movement," "disobedience of orders,"
"Inaccurate and misleading official re-,
ports," "failure to destroy vessels' of the
enemy lying in sight," and "injustice to a
brother officer."
The commentators say: .
Attends Knights Templars Ball:
LOUISVILLE,/; Ky.V Jan. , SO.-^Admiral
Schley, as' the guest" of . the Louisville
Knights Templar,- had little opportunity
to rest to-day. -From r 10 o'clock -in the
morning, when he. visited the Girls' High
School, until he left the. Templar ball at
the Gait House at midnight, every mo
ment of his time was occupied. The great
er portion of the day was , spent among
children, and the admiral shook hands
with about 1000 boys and girls, who ex
pressed their pleasure by cheering their
visitor and presenting him with flowers.
This afternoon the most enthusiastic
demonstration of Admiral Schley*s visit
took place while he was leaving the Pen
dennis Club In a carriage which was to
take -him to the Masonic Widows' and
Orphans' Home. As he stepped into the
vehicle it was surrounded by hundreds of
cheering men, women and children, -who
had been gathering In the street. for half
an hour, and who pressed' around him
eager to shake his 'hand. The forward
movement of the admiral's carriage and
a platoon of mounted police who acted
as a guard of honor finally got the ad
miral clear of the crowd.
The ' day's programme for. the- enter
tainment of the .-¦• admiral consisted of a
visit to the Girls'- High - School, followed
by a breakfast at the home of Mr. and
Mrs. Henry. Jefferson,, a T trip to ' the to
bacco breaks, a 'luncheon at the Penden
nis Club, and in * the afternoon* a visit to
the Masonic Home and * the Industrial
School .- of < Reform.. •'--'-.-:'
Mrs. Soffel followed Kosslow and Rey
nolds to the cell room and stood in the
door watching the struggle between them
and the murderers. j-.She made no at
tempt to interfere, -and after the keep
ers were locked in the cells she led the
way to the general office", of the prison.
Edward and John Biddle found two
suits 'of clothes. They discarded their
prison attire, and when they left the Jail
they wore the ordinary clothing of pri
rate citizens, including, overcoats, ¦ which
belonged to Warden Soffel.
Using the keys that had. been taken
from McGarry, Edward Biddle opened
two dungeons in the tier below those they
had occupied and thrust' McGarry, Rey
nolds and Kosslow into ' them. .-The
doors were swung, and locked and the
prisoners were then ready to take up the
easier work of escape. While this en
counter was going on the other occupants
of the prison went almost wild with ex
citement. They shook the doors of their
cells and howled in -an apparent effort to
attract the attention of other guards. But
in this they were unsuccessful.
Guards Locked in Dungeons.
"You have done for me," v cried Rey
nolds, sinking to the floor with blood
gushing from a jagged wound. - The Bid
dies then sprang upon Kosslow, who
was soon . overpowered and beaten into
helplessness. * '
When he 1 was locked in his cell last
night -Jack" Biddle complained of -not
feeling well. Between 3 and 4 o'clock
this morning he sent word to 1 James Me- j
Garry, the night clerk, that he was in
great pain and", requested that officer to >
bring him some medicine: ' McGarry.
complied and j had ; just passed into the
cell roon> when he was struck down , by
the . two. Buddies, , who, I after taking •; his
keys, threw him over the gallery rail
ing to the stone floor, about fifteen feet
below. McGarry struck on his head and
shoulders and remained senseless where
"he fell. Attracted by the. noise of -the
struggle between McGarry and the mur
derers, George Kosslow and Charles
Reynolds, guards, rushed into* the cell
room. Edward Biddle grappled with
Reynolds, while "Jack'', gave his atten
tion to Kosslow. Reynolds was more
than a match for his adversary* and
Jack Biddle, seeing this, broke away
from Kosslow and shot Reynolds through
the right hip.-
"Jack" Biddle was to have been hanged
January 14 and his brother- , two days
later. Governor Stone was prevailed upon
through a visit paid to him by a mysteri
ous woman to reprieve them for forty
days.
It was Mrs. Kate Soffel, wife of War
den Peter Soffel, who was said to have
made it possible for these two murderers
to escape. They were supplied with saws
and other materials. Revolvers were
placed in their hands, keys were placed
where they could be found and clothing
was left ready for their use. is al
leged to be the result of hypnotic" influ
ence exerted over Mrs. Soffel by Edward
Biddle.
Aided by the Warden's Wife.
In making the escape from the, jail the
Biddle brothers brought a sequence of
murders to_a logical conclusion. .Crime
follows them wherever they go. Detected
in an attempt to rob the. house of .Thomas
D. Kahney, a grocer of Mount Washing
ton, they shot Kahney to . death. They
were found a few days later in their *owri
home and captured after a fight that re
sulted in the death of one of the officers
and* in the wounding of others. TVied and
convicted,'' they, were' respited through the
Intercession of- women of respectability
and social standing. . ,
No more remarkable character has ever
been portraited than Edward. Biddle, who
planned the successful escape: from the
shadow of - the. gallows. . He has been a
scourge of three States. The police of
Ohio, Michigan and: Pennsylvania know
arid dread him. He possesses a rare in
fluence over women. When he has need
ed ah accomplice he has never failed "to
find a woman who would place herself at
his command. ' .•
PITTSBURG, p a-> j an . 30.— Two . con
demned murderers, .Edward and John
Biddle, escaped from the County Jail .here
early this morning. They overpowered
three stalwart giJards, all of whom were
injured, one so severely "that he, may die.
The murderers had the active assistance
of the wife of the Warden in whose cus^.
tody they were. She watched the desper-"
"ate encounter and disappeared twith the
murderers. - -¦";*- ''.•..¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Judge Advocate Creneral JLemly. and
Solicitor Hanna Comment Upon \
the Appeal Submitted to
ttie President."
Supplied With Weapons, the Prison
ers Dangerously Wound Three .
Guards and. Flee ; With , _i
Infatuated Woman.. . it,
His Appearance on Streets of
Louisville Causes , a .
Demonstration.
Desperadoes With.: a Record
-in Three States Fight Their '..
. Way to Freedom.
Before adjournment the Judge ad
dressed himself to the jury, saying that
information had been conveyed to him
that certain persons had been talking
with the jury regarding the case.. .The
court admonished the jurymen not to per
mit any ' one to speak . with them ; about
the case, and. if any one attempted to do
so for the jurymerf to report the fact to
the court.- > • . -' - ¦• • . •
Raker questioned Carpenler regarding
the whereabouts of Sam Parks on the
night of the lynching ¦. and secured a-posi
tive answer that Parks was on the porch
and at the bridge -on that occasion and
that Carpenter's failure, to mention his
name as one who participated in the find
ing of the bodies at. the bridge with the
witness and Brown was. due to a poor
memory. • • ¦' . .• . ., . .-.
When the defense took up the redirect
examination Raker commenced question
ing'the witness ¦ regarding his testimony
before the Grand Jury and Post made
vigorous objection. Post. argued that the
defense could not read from Carpenter's
testimony before the Grand Jury any
thing that' explained the answers ' given
in that " testimony, but that the witness
on the stand must explain the answers
that appear in. the testimony.' Judge Har
rington ruled against the counsel for. the
defense. / ' .' '
The afternoon session was as smooth as
a. mill pond compared with the tempestu
ous scenes of the morning session. . Gen
eral Post asked Carpenter what he as an
officer of the law had .'done to discover
the identity of the lynchers, and in tho
face of many objections secured the'ad
mission that Carpenter had done noth
ing. . • ¦ - •:. . . '
Peace in the Afternoon.
The Court— I will get off the bench. You
came into court this morning to make a
row. -
"Why, - your Honor," said Raker, "do
you take advantage of your position on
the bench to tell me I am dishonorable?"
"Cal. Raker, your conduct is insolent
and insulting, and the conduct of your
brother is highly dishonorable and dis
creditable.
Cal Raker objected, and the court said:
Raker^ — I take exception to the court ham
mering on the desk while I am trying to get
in an objection.-," /. ¦.". :
The Court — I will hammer you out of this
courtroom the first thing you know.
• Post — 'Did iyou ever, tell, your brother Albert
if such a proposition had been made you you
would shoot the men. who tried it?
I don't remember that I said that. ._ .
Raker again objected to the question
ing of Post and the court cut him off.
Post — Did Jim Brown ever make- a proposi
tion to you to hang Dan Yantis and Frank
Hall? . . ' . . .. :
• Raker made his oft-repeated offer .to
let the transcription of the testimony of
witness beforethe Grand Jury be placed
in evidence, in this case. Each offer re
sulted in a row and the "obstreperous at
torney," as the court designated ¦ Raker,
was '¦ threatened- .with contempt of court
for repeating the- offer in face of the rul
ing of the court that the transcription
could not be admitted. ¦ •
Carpenter. was then placed on the stand
and. was questioned regarding his testi
mony before the" Grand. Jury. .General
Post tried -ta make * clear ' that' on only
one occasion- aid he : mention Sam Parks
the nighf of 'the lynching,* and then only
incidentally. .'. ¦ ¦ ---. •• • ./ .
Baker Stirs a Storm.
The Court — Raker, I have got to watch, you
like a- cat' watches a mouse. You are con
tinually slipping in things .for the benefit of
the jury. < ¦¦¦ .. > . -,; .. • ;
.Raker asked the witness many ques
tions with a view of having him* state
that he saw Kresge in his field the morn
ing of May 27, and the witness replied
he was not positive. Raker insisted on
asking questions similar -in stylo and tho
court accused him of trying to make the
witness tell a lie in face of his declara
tion that he was not certain that he saw
Kresge on that morning. . ,
General Post objected to many of the
questions put* by the defense and . the
court ruled Tvith' him;- which -led Raker
to remark: ¦: ' -. ..
It shows very 'plainly justice cannot be had
here. ' . ....•'
The Court— What's that? What's that? Do
you, mean that for contempt of court?
Raker — I mean that for. counsel for the
prosecution.' ¦.'"-¦ - * . '
Sharp Words for Harris.'
Raker — Judge, you don't know what we want
to prove.' '¦ • i' '¦¦ " ¦• » • , .¦¦•.• ¦: ¦¦ .
The Court— I know more about what Is go
ing on in- this case than you think I do.
Han is — Give us a ¦ chance • for * five minutes
and we will tell you what we .want to prove.
The Court — I would not sit. and listen to you
gentlemen live minutes for $50. -
Harris — The other elde has no right to an
audience with you, then.
The. Court— Harris, you have not gotten over
your condition of last night yet. ' .¦•< ¦
Harris ¦ (insinuatingly)— I don't know what
your condition ¦ was. ~ ": •. ¦ ,. '':'.-
The Court— You say .that again and I will
send you '-to,' jail -.for -five -days.*' ,:• .,».- -.
Fred Kaspar, "a character witness sub
penaed by. the defense;' who was -on .the
stand yesterday, was recalled- this morn
ing and was questioned as to the location
of Jervc Kresge's ' farm. Post objected
to the question and the court ruled it to
be irrelevant. " *;".'¦-'¦.';?¦
Ihe Court— You stop that Hush up,
It seems to me you are here just to make
a .fuss. •Ycur.-TnJBconduct begins In the mom :
ing . and . enos Jn the evening. . .
Harris— We are not on the fight. :-
The Court — You were last night. • -
, Harris — You name j the time . and . place and
I ,will meet" you. ¦ You have said that many
times before. ' ' • ' " ¦
The morning session' was full of rows,
and threats to "send the counsel for the
defense to Jail for contempt were t fre
quently made., by Judge Harrington. The
court remarked to. Lawyer Raker, on ona
occasion: ' .. , ¦. -,
ALTURAS, Jan. 30.— In his cross-exam
ination of Witness Carpenter In the Look
out; lynching case' this morning Judge
Pest/ representing the Attorney General's
office, 'secured an admission from the wit
ness to the effect that on May - 27 . Jim
Brown," the defendant, went to, him and
said that he (Brown) had heard certain
persons speak "of lynching the Halls, Dan
Yantis and Martin Wilson, prisoners un
der guard at Myers'. Hotel. Carpenter
was Constable of .Lookout" Township and
Jim Brown was employed " by Carpenter
to guard the prisoners. Carpenter stated
that he paid no. attention to the matter
and that It did not interest him.
Jurist Offers to Settle Affairs
. Outside ; "With. Mr.
.; : Raker.
Aided by, Warden's Wife,
Edward- and John'
Biddle Escape. ])
Sir Knights and Their
Iiadies Tender Him
a Reception.
Warlike Talk Again En
livens the Trial at
Alturas.
CONDEMNED
MURDERERS
BREAK JAIL
5CHLEY GUEST
OF HONOR AT
TEMPLAR BALL
MODOC JUDGE
MAKES THREATS
THE S/M FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, 31, 1902.
DENVER, Jan. 30.— The American Cattle
Growers' 'Association, composed' of leading- cat
tlemen of the "West, will meet in Denver March
4 to discuss the land-leasing question, the as
sociation having a \ bill pending- before Con
gress;-; ¦ ¦-¦ ' • ' . .._. : .. - >¦ -. -.. : '--- ¦"/ -.'-¦
• SAN* JOSE, ; Jan. 7 30.— Graduating exer
cises were held at -the. State Norma
School : this v morning, when forty-sever
students received their diplomas. .The ex
ercises opened with an Invocation by the
Rev.' T. H. Hazel, of: the First Christiar
Church. An address was delivered b>
Professor H. W. Rolf e • of Stanford Uni
versity.' His -theme 'wp.s a sketch of the
career of Robert Louis Stevenson.'^sfc
2
The Prostate Glaad (so-called neck of blad-
der) is a structure very rich In nerves. ¦ When
the terminations of these nerves are kept In a
eonstaunt state of excitement by chronic Inflam-
matory processes. It appears very clear that by
tranemiesion of this irritation to 'other nerves
the patient mar be subject to nervous phenom-
ena of the most varied character. Premature-
ness, Impotency, etc, are not weaknesses, but
crmptoms of this Inflammation. We have pre- I
psred m. colored chart, which we -will send, free j
cn application, by which any one interested can 1 1
readily understand why, If he has been treated
fcr a weakness,' be has not been cured, v We
particularly solicit this class of "cases, and can'
promise a eyecfly cere vivhout stomach arus-
Dr. Talcott & Co,. 957 Market St., cor. 6th
,., • ¦ ..•-,-•-¦• -, . ¦ -.-
A DAMAGED PROSTATE GLAND.
By far the most frequent cause of nervoua
disorders of tbe male is
Men Only
Diseases and
Weakness of
&Co.
STRICTLY RELIABLE.
Dr. Talcott
THE PURE \^J
8^^ GRAIN COFFEE
Coffee injures growing children
even when it is weakened. Grain-0
gives them brighter eyes, firmer"
flesh, quicker intelligence and hap-
• pier dispositions. They can drink
all they want of Grain-O— the more
the better — and it tastes like coffee.
All grocers ; 15c end 25c
ADVEBTISEMEUrTS.
When these symptoms begin to show
themselves medicine to-day knows but
this' one remedy, the famous discovery -of
Professor Edward E. Phelps, M. D.,
LL. D., whose wonderful achievement has
spread the fame of one of this country's
greatest universities. No other 'remedy
was ever universally prescribed by phy-
sicians. It was by the advice of the most
eminent practitioners in the country that
In one person the diseased condition of
the nerves manifests itself in ipsomnia;
In another by indigestion; in another by
rheumatism; some organ of the human
body becomes affected, and ' refuses to
perform its proper work.
More than nine-tenths of all diseases
that are not infectious are known by
every physician 'to be merely the local
symptoms of a coming break-down of the
nervous system.
The nerves control and determine the
health of. every function of the brain and
body. s '
this great remedy was first put within
th6 reach of the public. Paine's Celery
Compound is not in any way a patent
medicine. It is so superior to" all the so-
called remedies that n,o serious compari-
son can be made between them.
The formula of Palne's Celery Com-
pound has been freely furnished from the
first to reputable physicians anywhere,
and the thousands of authenticated cases
that are reported yearly by physicians of
every school have 'proved beyond ques-
tion that In every, case of dyspepsia, bil-
iousness, liver complaint, 'neuralgia, rheu-
matism or other diseases that imply im-
paired nerves, Palne's Celery Compound
Invariably gives lasting relief.*
It succeeds again and again In com-
pletely curing diseases -where everything
else has failed. It Is the only prepared
remedy in the world that is openly and
publicly Indorsed by medical Journals. A
single trial of Paine" a Celery Compound
will convince any one that It accom-
plishes In every case all that it is claimed
to do. ' .
Most Famous Remedy in the World,
It Makes People Well, |
PAINE'Q PCI EBV fMPftllSil
. Why Tciil not all men insist upon having it, wfien it is so easy to get and to
keep. Some men a£e eaten alive by tape-worms, others wander hopelessly for
years dying slow deaths from bowel disease.
* _ jv- "After taking- two Cascarets, there came on the scene a rcry
"? ' 4v unexpected visitor in the shtpe of a tape-worm eicht>-eu fee*
jGjt^^^^i&^S^St. l° n K flt lest, ¦which I am sure caused my bad health for three
dG$l&'%PS?£3^^iS&b years."-Gco. W. Bowles, Baird, Miss.
FfXS&jJr 1 "After taking Ca«caret« I have had a natural relief without
t&bT&f TlSYf " taking medicine of any sort during the past two weeks. This
t&a . vfVt had not occurred for 18 rears."
f*Z!f V\|l1 —Chas. E. Penny, 601 Yates Are., Brooklyiu
i 11 T m* ii^ JkkV "For 4lire«i year* I have been afflicted with diabetes. Sine*
Ju|*S > Y^_jfN A__V {{jpA nsiuc: Cwcarets I hare found creat relief and feel that I xnuaft
A^ii**^* 3 **? ts~*Z^-£s \'*4w «end jou my personal recominendatior." x — .- . . ... ,
' \»r' "^ *S»# -C. H. Lyman, OZ West Ave., Bnilalo, K. T.
\*SL^ j/f^t "~»^-.— s* <Wr ""¦ have been aslst Cascarets for stomach trouble of six
i£i>l£**S*r-r>F^&E$! sj' I years standing. I am rur<sl and n>eommcnd them to all wi»
UP^**§!^«^SO need a remedy."- Rev. E. M. Chandler, Mill P. O., Ido.
**^8S£rt!2P^'*!« l fl "f ascarcts curfd ran of tho piles, with ¦which I had long
fcS*rSl!!--r/^ ; '' v^/ ¦ suacred."— J. L. Wolleson, Perry. Oklahoma.
IrSS^JiWfr^rti^yl •••Cascarets are the only remedy I have ever tiscd that ca-nna
JPvMkSOTliiVtesnir r* n fine - e »»y movement of the bowels without impairing th«
£3 f*k functions of the stomach." — Chas. S. Campbell, Sunbury, Pa.
iH |j|j\ .-I u%t & Cascareti for insomnia, vith which I have beea
iSwPa i JKBTtt: tffl»«t«<l for twenty ywirt. They gave me immediate relief." -
I Jeiiirl^fct"^ ' -Thos. Gillard, Elein. lllinoli.
S^gPZggS&mgfett^A v' I i haT- « lTen Cascaret* a thorough trial in an
r^^KB®^^KS**BjiHgS»waaS : » obstinate ease of constipation at a time wiien. pile*
*^^r£%BM£j^]&g*2gtr tEgsSr were formine- It yielded nicely to the. treatment."
JsPirfittTlls i^F "¦ —T. DaleGivan, M. D., Kiia. Mo.
ft»JK«?J!i3\ "i.** £s>e?/ "Cascarets enred me of flux of long standing.
"^^\?%i. [Jiv** fiif They are worth their weight in diamonds."
*l? : SlV | 'Hr *' — Jjeopold Kahn, Wapakoneta, Ohio.
I
Business as well as social life of today is one of strain and effort j and the
struggle for existence in competition makes life a fight clay in day out, inwhich
care of body, nerves, blood is more or less neglected. Men wonder what'3
wrong with them. No man can stand such unnatural conditions unless ho
counteracts them by using Cascarets Candy Cathartic, causing regularity of
body in spite of irregularity of habits. A man who "feels bad" should take
Cascarets, find out what's wrong and be cured. .
/^TSnrt.^ n%TX Best for the BoweIs - AI1 druggists, ioc, 85c, 50c. Never sold in bulk.
IWmW^VLvU* 1 The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
>*5Z3-— — Z*&0r b * ck ' Sample and booklet free. Address . •
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. sis
The Health of a Manly Man
ASVEETISS^ENTS.
PAZNE'S CEXEBY COMPOUND
'-..;! .Only Reliable; Coal Dealers.
Sell . Tesla • Briquettes', $9 '¦'¦ per 3 ton.";.- Best - and
.cheapest; fuel" for; kitchen and grate. Phone
South 95 about them. • ; . •
«
¦ rM
your clothing in order to || J|j| Ifjlifill'l*^^^^^/ \
meet' this cold spell in the IIIHHeB' 1 i "'™"yf^^^ -j Ji
weather, but you can defy | L*^"^ v •/¦$!/ /p,
the cold by wearing good |||\- "^ 5> *d5{lll|}j^^^lir . Mm |
warm underwear such as if||n?SL Mi ill
are selling now at $2.00 a j J|i|| j|i|1s& / / Wn
ments are seamless, fast jj||| |||||flT T jill'lll
wearing goods that will ji 1 || I jj|ffi ¦ \i|j |j •
For wear in cold weather we ' || li'mfl|| If I !\w lln li lili '•
ors tan and flesh. The price 'IfIIIIIwI! I'llll !¦ 1\|\ ' l i II II '
. will certainly tempt any under- : 'ffil |/|lft 1 |S||\ \ -I) ill ',
Out-of-town orders filled— write us. j' I jjm j |i| .'jlPlllj Mjli \ fl '>
j 718 'Market Street.. ... |j||| ji |||if ifl !La|| 'j: ¦WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— Francis B. Gait of
Tacoma: : Wash.;' has i been appointed a member
«f the, Board-" of Visitors at the Naval Academy.
Are not to be compared to our new patent
back, • flat-opening books, which
coat no more than the old style and - are
infinitely better. Daily journals, calen
dars, diaries and calendar pads for 1902 at
the right" prices.;. Sanborn, -Vail :¦ & Co '
741 Market ¦ street. ; ;. '^^^SSsSsmSm *
The Old Humpbacks
PORTLAND, Jan: 30.— The Yokohama
Advertiser, which was received;, to-day
by the steamship Indravelli, gives an
account of an encounter between soldiers
and a band of robbers near Ichofu A
number of discharged soldiers made their
headquarters near a ¦ small village '- and
made nightly jaids on the rich rn*en of
the region. The magistrate sent out sol
diers, who gave battle to the robbers The
attacking party brought back> with them
six | prisoners and reported that ¦ they had
burned the rendezvous -of the outlaws
fourteen of whom perished: in the names'
In addition eight wer^#kilJed. The rest
of the band, to the : ; number of 'forty or
fifty, escaped. ' • f .
Oriental Outlaws Are Slain.
It is, with great regret. that I am unable to
be present i with you this evening. Complica
tions have arisen In the Justices' Clerk appoint
ment • and .: the ., strenuous opposition of | the
"push" ..makes it imperative that I remain in
San Francisco , to-night. My heart Is with you
In . the movement ; and I wish you - every ¦; suc
cess. My absence will, I am sure, be made up
by other speakers and devotees to the cause o£
unionism. ' ¦ ~ ¦ • . ~
R. I. Wisler of San Francisco, president
of the : Iron Trades Council, and Walter
McArthur i delivered addresses reviewing
the ;. labor situation in • San . Francisco.
Harry Ryan ; of San • Jose also spoke. • . At
10 o'clock . dancing was taken up and the
rest of the eveningwas spent in this man
ner.-"Many ¦ hundreds of : dollars were
raised : for the Iron : workers. .- .
SAN JOSE, Jan. 30.— Turn Verein Hall
was crowded to-night by \the "working
people and their friends, who turned out
to aid in the benefit for the striking iron
workers of San Francisco that was given
under the auspices of 'the Federated
Trades Council and the Building Trades
Council. - ¦ ¦ " • ¦ : - ;.
Mayor Schmitz of San Francisco had
promised to be present and deliver an ; ad
dress, but he failed tOvappear. and the au- ;
dience was greatly \ disappointed. V.' M.
Trace of Palo Alto presided as chairman
of the meeting and upon the stage as vice
presidents were most of , the \ prominent
labor leaders of the city. The following
message of regret at being absent was
read from Mayor Schmitz :
Mayor Schmitz Is Not
Present
Large Meeting Held in San Jose, but
MONEY IS SUBSCRIBED \ -;
FOK IRON WOKKEBS
About two . weeks ago Madame Nordica
was severely bruised and shaken up in a
railroad wreck in Georgia. Although her
injuries pained her somewhat she contin
ued on her tour, filling all of her engage
ments through the South. - At ; Dallas
Tex., a week ago she suffered consider
ably from the effects. Then came her long
\rip from Texas to Los Angeles, where
she sang Tuesday night, and to this city
where she suffered an attack of alarmlne
severity.- Dr. H. L. Stambach of this city
who was called Into attend her stated
that her ailment was not of a serious na
ture and was one requiring rest and quiet
He said that her trouble was caused by
the shock she received in the accident and
not taking the necessary rest to recover
from the effects of It.
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 30.— Madamb
Lillian Nordica, the singer, will leave here
in her private car for San Francisco to
morrow. She is much improved in health.
She has had two days of uninterrupted
rest, and on Tuesday evening will com
mence a three nights' engagement in that
city. From there she will continue on her
tour. ' ¦¦' ; - ',: " .'-:.'
and Is on "Way to This
City.
Famous Singer Improves /in Health
IULKESS OF NOBDIOA
NOT OF SEKIOUS NATTTRE
An event of much interest to local society
occurred yesterday morning at Holy
Cross Church, when James A. Emery and
Miss Emily Hartricn were united in mar
riage by the Rev. Father McGlnty. The
church was beautifully decorated for the
occasion and was thronged with"~*the
many friends of the bridal couple. Aiter
the services Mr. and Mrs. Emery left for
the south on their moneymoon trip
Mr. Emery is widely known both In
society and political circles. He is secre
tary of the Board of Health and one of
the most promising young lawyers in the
city. The bride has for several years
past been connected with the School De
partment. She is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs.- Edward Hartrich and has al-'
ways taken an active part In Western
Addition society functions.
: The wedding of Aron H. Powers and
Mrs. Rose E. Robinson occurred at 8
o'clock last evening at the home of the
groom, 1940 Webster street. The affair
was very quiet, only relatives and Imme
dlate-*riends being present. Rev." E. A.
Woods, pastor of the First Baptist
Church, performed the ceremony, w. J
S. Powers was groomsman and Miss Jen
nie Powers was bridesmaid. A reception
and supper followed the wedding, after
which the couple left for a trip to South
ern California. They will return In three
weeks and reside on Webster street.
Mrs. E. R. Dimond was hostess at a
delightful euchre party yesterday at her
home, 2204 Pacific avenue.
• ¦ • •
Miss Leontine Blakeman gave a charm
ing luncheon yesterday in honor of Miss
Maud Mulllns.
Mrs. Peter Allen entertained yesterday
in • honor of the celebrated pianist, Josef
Hofmann. Many friends were present
and were pleasantly entertained.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 30.— Mrs. Ella R.
Nevin. through her attorney, has peti
tioned to have admitted to probate the
will of the late William G. Nevin. who
was general manager of the Santa Fe
route. The will, which is In holographic
form, was written in Philadelphia, and
provides for the disposition of from $150,0>/j
to $300,000 worth of propertj', the exact
value of which is not known. The will
provides that the widow shall have the
net incorae from the property, and that
upon her death or marriage the property
shall be divided equally among the chil
dren. The widow and Charles S. Weiser
LOf York. Pa., are named executors. . . .
Ifevin Estate for the "Widow.
Mrs. W. E3. Sharon and daughter and
Miss Azalla Keyes and Miss Margaret
Salisbury gave a pretty tea yesterday at
the home of the latter on Stelner street.
Forty guests were received and the deco
rations were chiefly pink, with lanterns.
Those who assisted In -receiving were:
Miss Holbrook, Miss Sophia I*; Pierce,
MIsb Lucie King, Miss Ethel Cooper, Mrs.
A. D. Keyes.
Mrs. Daniel Callaghan. Mrs. L. ; H. Bryan,
Miss Eleanor Eckart, MJss Edith Marie Hunl
inglon. Miss Mabel Toy, Miss Anita Oliver,
Misi Leta Gallatin, Miss Lalla Davis, Miss
Georgette Smith, MIes Mabel Bacon. Miss Ma
bel ClufT. Miss Gertrude Jack 'and Miss Edith
Simpson.
Miss Mabel Hogg gave a charming
luncheon at her home, 2226 Sacramento
street, yesterday. Yellow was selected for
the color scheme, including I many daf
fodils and spring flowers. Covers were
laid for fourteen. The guests of Miss
Hogg were: . , . ; : -y
Mrs. W. J. Strincer. Mrs. John G. Conrad,
Mrt. Charles M. Plum, Mrs. I. Newton Miller.
Mrs. Si-muel ShortrldKe, Mrs. Charles R. Ha
vens, Miss Lillian Dean, Miss Daisy Burns,
Miss Jane McElroy, Miss Maude Atkinson,
Miss Ella Atkinson and Miss Maude Purdy.
Mrs. ¦ L. Eugene Lee was hostess at a
large tea yesterday at her residence, 2744
Steiner street, from 3 to 6 o'clock. The
decorations were original and greatly ad
mired. One hundred and seventy-live
guests were received. Those who assisted
were: ~ A
Mrs. Willard Vincent Huntlngton and
Miss Edith Huntlngton received yester
day at their home, »03 Eddy street.- One
hundred and lifty guests called during the
afternoon. The drawing-room was done
chiefly in roses and foliage. The artistic
touch of the hostess was apparent, in
every detail of the decorations. Mrs.
Huntlngton and her daughters were as
sisted in receiving by Mrs. James A.
Black, a sister of Mrs. Huntington. The
next reception day February 6.
•• • • ¦¦.*/
Miss Catherine C. O'Donnell and Lieu
tenant John M. Craig were married last
evening by Rev. Fatner Prendergast, tne
Vicar General. Miss Mary Elizabeth
O'Donnell, sister of the bride, was brides
maid, and Ralph G. St. Sure acted as
best man. The ceremony was witnessed
only by the relatives of the contracting
parties.
Miss O'Donnell is a daughter of Mrs.
Cecelia McGrane of 18V6 Oak street, and is
numbered among the charming . native
daughters. Lieutenant Craig is attached
to the Twelfth United States infantry
and is a native of Kansas. He served as
a sergeant of volunteers during the Spari
ish-American war in the Philippines, and
made such a splendid record that upon re
enlistment .at the close of the war ne was
given a lieutenant's commission in the
regular army. His regiment will sail for
Manila on February L Mrs. Craig will ac
company her husband to the islands.
Mrs. William Hurlbut Morrow grave a
delightful card party yesterday afternoon
at her home, 1151 Scott street. The Misses
Foster of San Rafael were guests of honor
and only sixteen of the younger set were
Invited. The prizes were Oriental and
very attractive. The decorations ¦were
also Oriental and very artistic. The after
noon proved a very enjoyable one.
Mrs. John F. Merrill. Mrs. James Hogrgr,
Mrs. S. S. Castle, Mrs. Monroe Salisbury, Mrs.
"W. J. Dutton, Mrs. J. D. Munoy, Mrs. Thomas
G. Tavlor and Mrs. Alpheua Bull Jr. The
members of the club comprise Miss Edith Bull,
Miss .N'ormi Castle, Miss Mabel Toy. Miss
Mollie Dutton. Miss Paula Wolff, Miss Rachel
Hovey, Mrs. Charles Harley, Mrs. Cassner,
Miss Phoebe Painter. Mlsa Lizzie Painter,
Miss Zelda Tiffany, Miss Gladys Merrill, Miss
Laura Taylor, Miss Florence Callaghan. Miss
Mabel Hoes:. Miss Eleanor Eckart, MIes Ger
trude Dutton, Miss Laura Farnsvvorth, Miss
Marie Bull. MIes Mabel Cluff, Miss Lillian
Sanborn, Miss Azalia Keyes, Miss Belle
Harms, Miss Charlotte Evans, Miss Bessie
Hannigan, Miss Edna Hannigan and Miss
Pearl Landers.
The Chrysanthemums are working dili
gently for their charity ball on Saturday
evening next. One hundred invitations
have already been received, which repre
sent $125 toward the support of the free
bed in the incurable ward of the Chil
dren's Hospital. People who are ac
quainted with the earnest work of the
Chrysanthemums in providing the ex
pense of this bed from season to season
are only too anxious to assist in the good
work by attending the ball. Cotillon Hall
will be quite filled and the dance bid3
fair to be a delightful affair. Many smart
gowns will be worn. The patronesses are:
That : the Eye and Ear Hospital free
ward and clinic has - been substantially
benefited from the entertainment Is an as
sured fact. The charitably disposed la
dies who have given up hours every day
for weeks to bring about the successful
results of last evening are hence gratified.
No one "could complain about the size of
last night's house, and certainly those
who attended in support of so worthy an
object could not find a complaint to level
at the performance, which was in ; every
sense admirable. Edwin Arden received
the compliment of plenty of applause, and
the company supporting him was equally
appreciated. - The olio contained tha
names of Swor and Hathaway, dancers
and comedians; Gilbert and Gilmore, a
vocal duo, and William and Edith Fletch
er in a. German comedy skit called "A
Social Visit."
NOTWITHSTANDING . the rainy
weather a great crowd took oc
casion to visit Ihe Grand Opera
house last evening to participate
in the entertainment which had '
been arranged for the benefit of the free
ward and clinic of the California Eye and
Ear Hospital. • )
To strengthen the already attractive
bill, Edwin Arden in the drama of excit
ing incidents called "Zorah," the ladies of
the committee had seen to it that there
should be some variety. Since there has
i been something said about variety being
the spice of life; no doubt it was Imagined
that a little variety mixed up with a big
potion of blood-rousing drama would
prove the more satisfying, and therefore
the greater draw.
At a meeting to be held in New York
next month it is expected that the inter
ests of the Pacific Steel Company will be
ani2.Ig-arr.ated with those of the Tacoma
Company, resulting in the removal of the
Irondaie blast furnace to this city. The
companies thus combined will represent
a powerful syndicate of capitalists resid
ing in New York, Pennsylvania, Wiscon
sin, Minnnesota and Washington. The
company will commence work with 600
men, ultimately increasing the number to
3000.
The company has obtained control of
2000 acres of Texada Island lands which
are rich in iron, coal and copper. These
include bog iron mines which furnish an
ore supsly for the blast furnace at Iron
dale. Options nave been obtained on fur
ther Iroit^ lands on Vancouver Island and
in Skagit County, and a large number of
coke ovens.
The 'xaconia men concerned had been
actively at work matting purchases and
securing leases ana options before any
publicity was given to their plans. Their
object was to iollow the plan of the stetl
trust by securing control of the necessary
bases of the ore supply. This has beeu
accomplished and they are ready to com
mence operations as soon as a 400-acre
site secured on the Tacoma tide lands can
be made ready.
xce mcorpumtors are Henry Hewitt, A.
M. lngersuii, Charles W. Xhoinpaon, A. J.
iiav»ara and J. ti. i«lciiityre, a»l of whom
aie amon&- the most weaitny owners o£
me luiiiOvriuj;, mining; «nid wheat snip
ping imprests la tne jNorthwest. Tae
president ol ihe company will be tinned
otaies {senator Aaaison u. Foster, wno is
aireaay u. inrge stocitnolder in ine Pacitlc
sated Oomi>ai.y, now operating tde blast
rurtiace ax irondaie. 'x'ae company will
invest the largest part of its capital m
iron, coal and cupper mines on wnich op
tions have aireauy been secured.
TACOMA, Wash.. Jan. 30.— The Tacoma
Company has been incorporated here with
a capital stock of $2i,0'j0 > U0U to erect at
'j-acoma the first large biast furnaces au'd
steel woiks built wesi of Colorado.
SxwcUd Dispatch to The Call.
The report of the Parliamentary com
mittee appointed to Investigate the
charges of bribery and corruption made
by Sir John Blundell Maple (Conserva
tive) against the British officers who
purchased army horses in Austria-Hun
gary censures Sir . John for unjustifiable
attacks on the Integrity of the officers.
At the same time, however, the commit
tee finds that an excessive price was paid,
whereby horse dealers were, enabled to
divide a profit of about ?15 on. horses
which cost the contractors £12 to £17.
The committee also expresses surprise at
the. fact that the Government remount
department took no step3 to ascertain the
best sources of supply in Hungary until
the South African war had been in pro
gress for six months, thereby involving
.the country in, a loss of £12,000 on a sin
gle contract.
LONDON, Jan. 3O.-The report that
Commandant- Kritsinger, 7. who was cap
tured by General French December 17,
had been condemned to death is not con
firmed here. It was announced from South
Africa January 20 that Kritsinger' s trial
would begin this week, but, nothing has
since been heard of his case.
Doubt Concerning Kritsinger.
A correspondent was informed in offi
cial quarters to-day that so far as known
Holland's action was quite spontaneous.
France was not consulted and is not
aware of the terms of the Dutch note.
PARIS; Jan. 30.— The Temps to-day
prints a dispatch from The Hague, in
which the correspondent says he learns
from a trustworthy source that the re r
cent journey of the Dutch Premier, DrI
Kuyper, to England prepared the way
for peace negotiations in regard to South
Africa, which were begun with the con
sent of the British Government. He adds
that the more recent step taken 'by Hol
land was supported by some of the other
governments.
In the meanwhile the Associated Press
is able to confirm "the statement that -the
Government of the Netherlands'suggest
ed granting a safe conduct to a Dutch
commission to be -appointed for the pur
pose of conferring with the fighting
burghers and enlightening them as to the
real position of affairs.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— Answering a ques
tion on the subject in the House of Com
mons to-day,, the Government leader, A.
J. Balfour, said that as the reply, of the
British Government to \ th&. communica
tion of the Government, of the Nether
lands on the subject of the South Afri
can war would not reach The Hague un
til January 31, it was impossible for his
Majesty's Government to give the House
the papers this week.
Suggested by the Netherlands!
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. : W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— The
Government of the Netherlands has in*
formally approached the United States
Government with the understood purpose
of securing Its aid to induce Great Brit
ain 1 to consent to - treating with the
Boers. The matter has been discussed
by Secretary Hay with members ot the
diplomatic corps, notably with Baron
Gevers, Minister of ."Holland, and pre
sumably with Lord Paunccfote, the. Brit
ish Embassador, but in no case has 'the
mattter ever progressed beyond ver
bal exchanges. Baron Gevers was at
the State Department to-day ana had a
brief conversation with Kay. In the
talKs between the Secretary of State and
the Minister of Holland neither official
committed his Government in any way,
no suggestion or proposal beir.j. reduced
to writing. Neither side has regarded
these exchanges of views as official,'al
though notes of the conversation may
have been made, and with propriety, for
the information of the Dutch Govern
ment and President Roosevelt. -
The attitude of the present administra
tion is similar to that of the administra
tion of McKinley. This Government is ad
hering to the rule that In war between
civilized nations an offer of mediation
cannot properly be made unless both'
parties to the conflict request it, or it is
Known that such offer, will be favorably
received. While McKinley was President
he went as far as he deemed proper in
suggesting to Great Britain that ; the
United States Government would be glad
to serve as mediator for the transmission
of any message to the Boers. The re
sponse of Great Britain left no doubt of
the purpose of that Government to con
duct the Boer war without outside dip
lomatic aid. Recently the Boer • repre
sentatives in this country have made
frequent appeals to the State Department
to take some action to bring about a
cessation of hostilities, but in view . of
the British , Government's attitude . and
the rule mentioned no further action has
been taken, although it cannot be said
that Secretary Hay ha3 not discussed the
subject privately with' Lord Pauncofote.
Should, however, the British Government
and the authorized representatives of the
Boers show any indication of being will
ing to accept the good offices of the
United States President Roosevelt will
act promptly. ;
Special Dispatch to . The Call.
Eastern Magnates Acquire Land
Around Puget Sound and Pre
pare to Establish a Gig-an
tic Concern. " t
Should Great Britain and Boer Rep
resentatives Be Willing to Ac
cept, America Would TJse
Good Offices.
Proposal Is Discussed by Min
ister Gevers, Secretary Ha^r
and Lord Pauncefots:
west.
Plans Complete for a Great
Business in the North-
Go vernment Approach ed
on the Subject by the
Netherlands.
Tacoma Company Incor
porated With Large
Capital.
UNCLE SAM
IS ASKED TO
AID BOERS
STEEL MEN
PUT MILLIONS
IN THE FIRM
(La Gironde,: Which ;Was Wrecked on the Southern Coast
Late Last Year, Mysteriously Leaves Her Position on
the Sands and Officers of the Gutter Bear Are Puzzled
Special Dispatch to The Call.
dents About Relig
ious Beliefs.^ 1 *
Profess or Talks 1 6 Stu-
tain Parts of the, Bible
; Sticks to His Views. 'i
Instructor Who Criticized Cer-
REDDING,, Jan. 30.— Owing to the turn-
Ing of a rail at the south edge of the town,
of Delta last 'night a. heavily loaded car
of the south-bound freight train left the
track and was followed by three others,
which piled up in confusion. No one was
Injured. Traffic was delayed ten hours.
Freight Cars Leave the Rails.
SANTA ANA, Jan. 30.— This city was
startled to-night shortly after 9 o'clock
by a terrific explosion. Many citizens
started on a search for the cause and the
Southern^ Pacific i platform . on Second
street was found badly wrecked. Some
explosive, the nature of which has not
yet been learned, had been placed under
the structure, and it was thrown about
in a manner that indicated an unusually
powerful force. \ . ,
About half an hour later another but
lighter .explosion occurred, this time in
the woodpile of a local dealer, but with
little damage. Monday night a water
pipe was loaded with some powerful ex
plosive and discharged about midnight,
causing a good deal of alarm. The offi
cers investigating the explosions have
thus far been ¦ unable to get any clew
to the perpetrators/
Platform Wrecked by Upheaval
at Night.
People of Santa Aina Find Railroad
MYSTERIOUS EXPLOSION •; '
STARTLES THE CITIZENS
. Captain Tuttle of ! the revenue cutter
Bear, who sailed from here a week ago
for, the purpose of taking a pull at the
stranded vessel with the expectation that
he would be able to get her off the beach
and into deep water without any trouble,
reports that when he reached the island
there was no sign of . her on the beach
where he had left her only a few days be
fore. ; .,'¦¦•¦
The captain, supposing that the steam
j beach on which sho stranded and
no one - seems to know ' when, why or
whither. . •
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 30.— The topmast
schooner ' La Gironde, which " was
"wrecked on : San Nicholas Island
last October," is gone from the
schooner Samoa, which was working on
the' La Gironde when he left them, had
succeeded In getting her , off, continued
on his way to Santa Barbara and there
learned, that the Samoa had not suc
ceeded. . : ¦, . . •';
-The only explanation Captain Tuttle
can think of for the schooner's disap
pearance is that the winds of a week ago
piled up an extra big tide on the San
Nicholas beach," and that the men left by
the Samoa were able to float her. What
became of her then no one pretends to
guess. She might have gone to the bot
tom in the same rough weather which
was instrumental in floating her. She has
not been reported from anyplace, but
with the prevailing wind would have
brought up at Redondo or Santa Monica
before now.
CHICAGO, Jan. 30.— Professor Charles
W. Pearson of the Northwestern Univer
sity, who recently created much comment
by reason of his attacks on certain parts
of the Bible,' ! to-day I caused " surprise ' at
the chapel exercises of the university by
asking to make a statement. before the
students. The occasion was the observ
ance of the day of prayer by the Ameri
can colleges. Just as the- services were
ending Professor Pearson arose and, on
being given permission to speak, briefly
burled his bead in his "hands a moment
and then said: ;"•¦.:¦.
This maybe the last tlma that I will have
the opportunity of addressing you on a sim
ilar occasion, this Is my reason for desiring
to make a few remarks. I believe In Christ.
I believe in prayer and I believe In the power
of the holy ghost. Anything I have done or
said was for the benefit of the Christian re
ligion. I think that It has done some good. I
do nut .care to retract and I . regret nothing
I have said. or written. > :. ' . * . ; : .- .-
The students at once took Professor
Pearson's meaning to be either that he
would resign or that he' was being dis
missed. But both he and members of the
faculty said no such action was contem
plated. ' - - ;• -
SACRAMENTO MOURNS /
FOB MBS M. E. CB0CKEJ&
Clergymen of Many Denominations
Take Part in Services When
' Ashes Arrive.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30.— Tolling bells
and flags flying at half-mast marked the
arrival of the general party from the East
to-day bearing the urn containing the
ashes of Mrs. Margaret E. Crocker.
Public services were held this afternoon
at the Crocker Art Gallery, at which the
Rev. Father Quinn of the Catholic church,
the Right Rev. Bishop Moreland of the
Episcopal church, the Rev. W. K. Deans
of the Methodist church, the Rev. A. B.
Banks of the Baptist chufch and the Rev.
C. F. Oehler of the German Lutheran
church officiated. J.- Sloat Fassett of New
York and J. O'B. Gunn of San Francisco,
sons-in-law of Mrs. Crocker, bore the urn
from the art gallery. The Interment, at
the family vault in the City Cemetery,
was private.
Agricultural District j Directors.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20.— Governor Gage
has appointed . directors of - agricultural
districts as follows: District No. 31, Ven
tura County, "W. P. Webber. Ernest C.
Crane, Thomas A. Price and Adolf o Cam
arillo; District No. 44, Colusa County, A.
A. Thayer, William R. Tully, H. Frayn
ham, W. R. Merrill and W. M. Harring
ton.
Earthquake Breaks Mountain Peak.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash. ,, Jan. 30.—
According to a report reaching here to
day an earthquake and landslide occurred
In the Olympic mountains In the western
portion of Jefferson County, Just prior to
the big storm of latt week. The news
was brought here by a passenger aniv
4ns from ci.* »i. i he slraits who stated that
Indians r*;-i.rt tfctt a number of earili
quake shocks were felt which were fol
lowed ' by a crashing noise. The next
day Indian hunters came to the coast and
reported that one of the peak3 In the
Olympic range had broken off and slid
Into a email valley almost filling It with
dirt and snow. The little valley was un
inhabited and was a favorite hunting:
ground of the Indians.
PEARSON DOES
NOT RETRACT
SCHOONER DISAPPEARS
AND MARINERS MARVEL
BENEFIT PERFORMANCE
ATTRACTS BIG AUDIENCE
Charitably Inclined Persons Attend the Play, at the Grand
Opera-House and Render Successful the Effortsof
Kind Women to; Aid Eye and Ear -Hospital Free Ward
, ¦ ...... - 'IIIIIHIIWMhpilllk i "I Mini
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBIDAYy JANUARY 31, 1902;
POPULAR YOUNG- ARMY OFFI
CER AND HIS VERY CHARM
. ING BRIDK.
3
Magic.
The way Salva-cea cures Files.
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET.
San Francisco Gas Coka for. sale to families
ana to tie trade at reduced rates.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
watery rising, a formation of gases, causing
pressure on the heart and lungs and difficult
breathing, headaches, fickle appetite, nervous-
ness and a general played-out, languid feeling.
There Is often a foul taste in the mouth,
coated tongue and if the Interior of the stom-
ach could be seen it would show a slimy. In-
flamed condition.
The cure for this common and obstinate
trouble Is found in a treatment which causes
the food to be readily, thoroughly digested be-
fore It has time to ferment and Irritate the
delicate mucous surfaces of the stomach. To
' secure a prompt and healthy digestion Is the
one necessary thing to do and when normal
digestion Is secured the catarrhal condition
will have disappeared.
According to Dr. Harlanson. the safest and
best treatment Is to use after each meal &
tablet, composed of Diastase. Aseptic Pepsin,
a. little Nux, Golden Seal and Xrult . acids.
These tablets can now be found at all drug
etores under the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, and. not being a patent medicine, can
be used tviti. perfect safety and *assurance that
healthy appetite and thorough digestion will
follow their regular use &fter meals.
Mr. N. J. Booher, Chicago. 111., writes:
"Catarrh is a local condition resulting from a
neglected cold la the head, whereby the lining
membrane of the nose becomes Inflamed and
the poisonous discharge therefrom- passing
backward into the throat reaches the stomach,
thus producing catarrh of the stomach. Medi-
cal authorities prescribed for me for three
yean, for catarrh of stomach .without cure,
but to-day I am the happiest of men after
using onlj* one box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets. I cannot find appropriate words to ex-
press ray cood feeling. I cave found flesh,
appetite and sound rest from their use."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet* is the eafest
preparation a* well as the simplest and most
convenient remedy for any form of Indigestion
catarrh of stomach, biliousness, «our stomach
heartburn and bloating after meals
Catarrh of the stomach has long: been con-
sidered the next thins to incurable. The usual
symptoms are a full or bloating sensation after
eating, accompanied sometimes with sour or
A Pleasant, Simple, but Safe and
Effectual Cure for It.
the Stomach
ADVERTISEMENTS.
and overcoats WBm
While this clearing sale lasts your IP^HW ''^^llfflliii f)
-The suits and overcoats we are off-T- Iff! Ill/ ilBi'fiHl '
ing at these substantial reductons com- ftffl 'Jaw • MB m|f •
I doesn't take a veiy gcod judge of M 1
Remember this- is the^rrrney-back; 5O1T1C SllitS "fOF
store, first, last and always, even at
The suits are single and doub'e yOtlfl^ HlCIl flt
breasted sacks, made of Scotch tweeds, " ' . • * *
in stylish cuts, winter-weigh rmterial. 3. c S 3. V, 1 11 2f O T
The overc ats are a. -wool chevijts.. * ; ;; "
in winter length andjvveigh /inedwih -f |* 1 | «; U n 1 -f
the bast of farmer satin, velvet collar. 1 Ui I J d lid' 1.1
Ei;her suit or overcoat now , ame ca$e exists jg cur boy5 ,
$S ?nd you.hs' department as in our men's.
Jw^k Ji%k WSB3S * After December, we went, through the
H H m H GSlZ i>tock and selected all the lo:s broken in
i^Jr $\Jr sizes and put them in at a prica that
QJF will clear them out in a short '.time.
'S~jL- . > V r,^;- Among this clothing are some youths*
.-,.¦•>'. ¦;.'.•. .• sui;s at a price th?t neads but mention
J||l|||p o bell the goods right away.
,-^ij Youtns suits
.j^^^^m^, v \ "*¦ . Made- of winter- weight materials, in
¦M^^^^^^^> many P atterns > sin § le or dou ble breasted,
vv^S^^I^^l^S«w' Made of covert material in neat, light
. \wf^^^pi||l|yi|A shades of tan. Topcoats for children
from to 8 years, former price $4.00,
¦ N • \^P r? /v Also many substahtiarreduction? in furnish-
' Yv\'.-,:. :ing> and caps for boys and youths. r
A glance jttt our /-• ,. ';,¦«" k W - . ' ¦ , ¦ •'¦ Out-o**tbwn orders
windows Will always/"* % A #/\ W^\ r* % *>"«d-write us for
prove interesting, •/^•Ww I 11 IB i A* « |'| anything In : men's
whether you need \J? B W \/ XJT &JF \\) Eg if *or boys' clothing,
clothes, hats or fur- 1 T « -X-7^ u T •*!«> * n ft • ¦•¦ © f
niswnis. 71 8 Market Street ; hl *®v.CHICAGO BOXER* WHO MEETS
GEORGE GARDNER TO-NIGHT
FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP.
on the Score of Condition Should the Referee's Decision
Go Against Him Tc-Night at Mecrianics' '¦" Pav 1 on;
¦ - v ¦- ••: : , ¦ . ¦ -•
Each . Fighter Declares, He Will Have No Excuses -to. Offer
MIIDDLE-WEIGHT BOXERS
ARE READY FOR THE RI NG
.School Director Woodward reported to
Mayor Schmltz yesterday that he had
discovered some discrepancies in bills for
supplies furnished to the Fremont School
addition, now being: built on McAllister
street^ Mr. Woodward "lays" the blame on
the Board of Public Works. Owing to the
carelessness of a clerk in that department
City Was Overcharged.
George Saner, special officer at the RI9
don Iron "Works, waa held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Slogan
yesterday on the charge of assault to
murder in $2000 bonds, or $1000 cash ball.
The cash ball waa promptly furnished
Sauer about three weeks ago flred several
shots at workmen employed at the new
gasometer of the Independent Gas Com
pany, In the Potrero.
Sauer Held to Answer.
and -men were 1 drinking : liquor in the
dressing-rooms, and as that was in viola
tion of the conditions of. licenses issued
to the places, the proprietors were notified
to appear bef dre the board when theix
licenses expire and make an explanation.
a.- bill presented by BLteman Brothers -was
$t 35 in excess of the amount charged tha
city.
Selections for To-Day.
First race —John Peters, Dulcimer. Quiet.
Second race —Sunello, Lodestar, El Mido.
Third race —King Dellls, Nilgar, Constable.
Fourth race —Articulate, Princess Titanla,
Kenilworta.
Fifth race—The Giver, Josle O. Dtrtsa.
Sixth race —Varro, Sweet Tooth, Harry
3206 Rery Dare.... 06 2215 FrldoIEn ?5
3213 Wolhurst 103 3106 Varro 92
3S2O H. Tha-tcher. . 9S S215 FebnuLrr .... 93
3200 Light BaU 98. 3173 Edncat* S<!
S214 Sweet Tooth.. tO3 3192 Onyx 93
2529 Alturaa 107 3213 Mormel 87
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLM^BA^rRA££-Tji«sday^^
3221 FIRST RACE Six furlongs: selling; three-year-olda ; to first. $325. .
j j = Betting.
IndexJHorsa and Velght.|3t. %¦ %• Str. Fin.) Owner and Jodcey. Op. CL
S&:::::::q i III! IS! i i-l?. h^ h v^= 8 "f S 1
S L n n°dde ng l!ee:::.-."lo1 9 I* I I 9 ¦ FredHaye, J.Daly 10O 10Q
Time—ii "AXi- 14 -40^- »i 1:15. Good start. Won first thre© driving. Winner. W. F
xMcSherVv'8 ch r by The Judge- Makawao. Satchel should have won. Was bumped and
ot oTbv Arirato in stretch EiSraell heard the old Kentucky dinner bell to-day, but
«222. SECOND RACE— One mile: selling; three -year-olda and np; to flrst. |328.
-1 — ¦ ' ! Betas*!""
IndexJHorse. Ago. Weight. St. %. %. Str.. Fin. - .Owner tad Joctey. <>P» O.
5l8»'|Head. 4~ ...106 lo < h 82 3 « 11% J. " t^iVii -^wSSS 13 3O
(S137) Senator Matts, «..lll 8 lh lh l%2n H. I* B"^-"^^«| " *J
32a: El Mido. 6....... 112 2 »> h 10 52 3 1 3. S. Campbell. -M»mice « 4
¦311ft Hungarian, 6...... Ill 4 3h 2h 2h 42 ?' Y' ¦££**''''££%£ 5 2 4
(.T-'O-i) Ingo, » 3....... '..... OCR 52 31 4^5h A. J. Ross. J***^" *~\ *
.M Legal Maxim, S.. »5 « 4h 62 72«^h Jones ¦ * P»-.*^i i»2?h, ' I A
«2O3 Capt. Galnes. 5... 114 » 10 9 % 8 2 7 # ¦ W. G. Matthew3..iU^3 15
3178 snowberry. 3 10O T 7 1 519 3 8 2 Kanfman & Co^.-Hear 12 15
.5214 San Venado, a....H4 1 21, 4h 6%98 T. Rector. -.EnUman 8 S
S137 Mont Eagle. 5 109 8 6 V, 7 ¥* 10 10 C. P. .Banach 8 la
Time— U -26- K :50Vi: %. UWK: mile. 1:43. Fair Btart. Won easily. Secondand third
driving. .WinnVr J. KotherVs b. m. by Mars -Specialty. Plead Is an enigma. ElJCdo a
few minutes late. Ingo failed to answer roll call. So did Legal Maxim. Mnst nava beea
that the pace was too hot." said the interlocutor. Scratched — Darlena 101*
3223. THIRD RACE — MUe and a sixteenth.; selling; three-year-olds and. npi to first. $323.
j ~ ~~~ ! Bettlns.
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. K. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op, CL
3152* lapidus. 3..'. 96 2 12% 14 13 14 Jennings & Co — I. Daly *-S 4-S
COW) Eonic, 4 ltt> :* 4 4 2 1 25. CMsar Tom5...^fflsch 8-5 2
:JL'18 MacGyle. 0 10l» 133 2n 33 33 Elnnrood Farm. - Jactooix 6 15
3182 Wyoming, a ..109 4 2n 3h 4 4 Brown & Co... J. Wooda 4 9-3
Time— U :24U; %, :«; %, 1:14%: mile, 1:41#; 1 1-lCm. 1:47%. Ck>od start. Woa
easily. ' Second and third driving. Winner, W. B. Jexminss & Co.'a b. c by Star Knby-
Pearl V It looked as if Lapidus Traa the best. Ecnle cat oft on first torn, btrt waa eight
pounds over her best weight.
3224. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; fonr-year-olda- and vp; to first. S325.
; ; 1 ; '- " Betttn«. '
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St %. %. , Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Ci.
3219" Rollick. 4 102 3 11% 2 2 11 12 . Bnrns & WatrbSwRanach 4 4
3164 Constellator. 5 107 1 32 34 36 2 1% T. H. Kyan J. Wood» T-5. 8-»
(3207) Duckoy, 5 .105 2 23 lh 21 34 G. B. Morris ....Jackson 8-8 7-3
3200 Diderot 4 104 4 4 % 45 4 15 4 25 J. P. AU£ln....T. Barns 5 8
2207 Claire White. 4.. 1001 5 5 5 5 5 |G. W. Scott... W!nslette| 100 600
Ti me — }4, :23%; *4 :48; %. 1:14%: %, 1:27%. Fair start. Won clererly. Second and
third driving. "Winner, Burns & Waterhouae'o ch. g. by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Win
ner showed three- pounds, twenty-three hours and thirty minutes improvement. Ctmstel
lator not up to so very* much. Duckoy couldn't stand the clip. Diderot seems to hav»
gone away back. I ,_... ¦ l ,_ l -^>^_^-o.-w^-. r^r^^_r>_-^-^n_^^ni -. -. t ,-. ,-, .-, . ,. . .
3225. FIFTH RACE: — l\' a miles; Sonoma handicap; f ear-year-olds and up; to first, $500.
Z j ~ ~T I Bettiss.
Index | Horse. Age. -<Velght.|St. %. "%. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
(3212) Janice. 4 .... 108 1 2 ¦% 3 2 3 1%1% G.B.Morris Jackson 5-2 5
31W Frangible, 5 ..... 92 5 3 1 2 n 2 1 2 % F. t>. Boas...W. Knapp 10 9
S212 All Green. 4 ....10b 213 12 1^81 Barns & Watrhs.Ransch 3 5
(3117) Lizzella. a 113 4 4%B 4145 J. Weber O'Connor 4 7-2
3152 Position. 5 118 3 5 4 % 5 S D. S. Fonntain — Mounoe 8-5 8-5
Time — ij. :25;' ¥1 :5Oi4: »4. 1:16; m. 1:42%; l%m. 1:54%. Good start. Won first three- drlv
ing. "Winner. G. B. Morris* ch. m. by Midlothian- Rosette. Janice improving right along.
• Frangible could have won had the going been muddy. All Green quit. Lizzella. and Po
sition could not handle their a3^ i g? m 5 n J^- _^_
322O. SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first. $325.
> I • B«stttng.
Index|Horse- and Welght.|St. %. *4. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. C3.
3"05* Tyranus 104 2 5 % 6 h 2h 1*6 Summers & Co-O'Connor 3 4
3205 Maraschino ......104 !¦ 3 h 1 n " 1 % 2 2 - J. C. Hnmphrey Hoar 3 10
3205 The Weaver .....107 7 2-h 4 1 4 1 S ns H. I. Wilson Troxler 8 ' 4
:S2O5 Halmetta. ..." 102 tt 8 7 2 Sh 4» . W. H. K-tch«maa.JcUsn 0 ~J2
3071 LanUaeer "...104 S 4 2 3 n 5 2 5 n Ezell & I.azurua.iilrkrch '2' 3
3205 V'asallo .' ....104 56h 5h 6 2 62 Burns & Watrha-Kaasch 3 6
2030 Montoya ..... 107 4 11 2 2 74,75 9. HcXaHghton.T. Burns 10 20
3162 Dandy 107 8 7 1 8 8 8 Montana Stable. . .Woods IS 8
Time— U :24%: %, :49%: »i. 1:14%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner gT
Summers & Co.'a ch. g. by Star Ruby-Tyranny. Tyranu3 received strongest ride. Maras
chino ran nice race. The Weaver out of luck. Landseer in poor position most of way.
Vasallo away none too well and pocketed later. 1 Dandy ridden by Woods. Scratched — Dul
cimer 102.
CHICAGO, Jan. SO. — In a rear-end collision
between two freight traln« on the Chicago and
Milwaukee flivislon of the Chicajro, Milwaukee
end St. Paul road at Deerfleld,»Wis., early to-
i ay, one man was killed and three badly in
tared.
v Another, carload of trunks/ valises.'dresg"
suit ; cases,' ! traveling . sets * at .! our ; famous
carload prices. -•"All: kinds 'of leather 1 goods,
in this department lettered In gold letters
free of charge.- Sanbarn, Vail & Co.;- 741
Trunks and" Valises^
PESfVER. jm. S0.-~John Willis Baer.: gen
eral .• secretary of ¦ the World' s Christian En
deavor Union, who arrived In iJenver yesterday,
will so East bearing- an enthusiastic Invitation
from the city of Penver to the spcletjr to hold
its national convention here in 1903. ,,-Work vrlll
fee begun at once to raise $15,000 act the least to
defray tfoe. expenses. < ¦ '¦ :¦'-., ;¦ ' : ' :
¦; . . '. ¦. "•'. - ( i ¦¦"":¦-?• ¦•-: :.-.¦. -.-. ¦ '¦
Chief Wittman and . the ] Police Commis
sioners, after leaving, the meeting with the
Civil ' Service ; Commissioners at the < City
Hall -Wednesday night,' .visited the
Thalia,' Kapp & Street's and, the Olympla
to cfig how these places ; were conducted.
They found .In each place that, women
Violating. Their Licenses.
H, T./Renton applied for a, writ 1 of ha
beas . corpus . yesterday to th© United
States District Court. on behalf of his son
Hamilton, who, he alleges, is restrained
of his liberty at the naval training- sta
tion on -Yerba- Buena Island by Admiral
Glass. The petition alleges that Hamilton
is only 17 years* old and that he enlisted
in the United States navy • without the
petitioner's consent. .?•• :...-.-
'Habeas Corpus for, a j Sailor.
Mrs. t Frlsbie , has • received -. .a telegram
from her husband. General J." : B. : , Frlsbie,
stating that the recent earthquake • in
Mexico . which < did so much' damage had
in no way injured his ¦ sugar : mill which
had been put up at a cost of $20,000.' *
Sugar Mill -Escapes Injury.
"The Crown'; the Gross and the Cres
cent" is the subject of, a popular lecture
to. be given by Rabbi Isidore : Myers in
the Bush-Btreet Synagogue . on - Sunday
evening next, commencing at 8 o'clock.
The musical programme will include
songs by Rev. Cantor Solomon and mem
bers of; the choir, a. violin, solo by Miss
Belle Rosenthal and an organ recital by
Professor pelleDiane, , * ;
Rabbi Meyers "Will Lecture.
BAKERSFIELD, ! Jan.' : 30.— Dr. Booth,
who has had charge of the smallpox situ
ation . at : Randsburg, , has - arrived in . this
city and states that, the' quarantine has
been raised from the town, t Of the many
cases' there but fourteen remain in the
(Pesthouse, and' ; tiiey will 1 be r released as
soon - as • proper fumigation > can . be * ar
ranged for. : Dr. Booth states that there
is no longer any. fear of eontajjictn at that
point. • . ¦ ,' . ' . .;; •. -.-;. ; ¦ ;¦/••:
Randsburg Epidemic Is Ended.
Francisco | Cava, a.' saloonkeeper on Pa
cific street;- who was convicted by a Jury
in Judge Cabaniss* court Tuesday on the
charge of battery j "appeared for sentence
yesterday: • The Judge fined him $40,. with
the alternative of ; serving twenty days in
the County Jail. \ Cava and^A. Pacilo, a
peanut vendor, , were ; rivals ; in a love af
fair, and ' Cava won. : f Pacilo Lwent around
and | made j insulting remarks about Mrs.'
Cava, 1 and when Cava heard of it he went
after Pacilo and hit him on the head with
an Iron' bar.' - r . " ¦
Cava Is Fined.
Assistant United States District Attor
ney E. J. Banning entered a nolle prose
jiul yesterday in the United States Dis
trict. Court . in the. indictments against
George Abrams, Frank J. Perry, : Edward
W. Smith and Harry Connors, charged
with passing notes of the defunct State
Bank of New Brunswick, N. J.,, Judse
do Haven having decided that the pass
ing of the notes of a State bank Is not
an offense against the Federal statutes. !
Bank Note Passers Discharged.
- The protest of the Western Sugar Re
fining Company; against the 'petition ,. of
the owners of the wrecked steamer Walla
.Walla for limitation of liability was over
ruled;.yesterday by United States District
Judge, de Haven. \ The protest was made
on the ground that prepaid; . ' s unearned
freight moiiey .should not be ¦ considered
as freight money pending. ' The court de
cided-against that proposition. ¦
Freight Money Decision.
A horse belonging to tha Rincon stabl-s
In attempting to free its foot from where
it had caught in a car track at the cor
ner of California and Davis streets yes
terday pulled oft its hoof and was shot
by a police officer.
A horse belonging to D. Cuzi, a scav
enger living at 323 Vallejo street, was
killed in front of the Emporium yester
day^ afternoon by being impaled on the
shaft of an express wagon drawn by a
runaway horse. . •
Horses Victimfc of Accidents.
Considerable excitement was caused by
a spectacular termination' of, a runaway
yesterday l morning on Market street, be
tween Third and Fourth. A. Denvenclnzi,
a scavenger, .who resides at 323 Vallejo
street, was driving, alone Market street
when two horse drawing an -express
wagon came dashing along with great
speed and collided- with his team. . The
poleof the wagon;to which the runaway
horses were attached was forced into the
abdomen of one of Denvencinzl's horses.
The animal was so badly Injured that Po
lice Officer Farley found • it necessary "to
end ; lts sufferings with a'bullet.
Horse Killed in Runaway.
Thomas Grogan was arrested yesterday
and booked at the city prison on a charge
of battery. He had a fight with George
Stevenson of 366% Natonfa. street, whoT if
now in the City and County Hospital in
Mortons stables, 608 Geary street, Janu-
£ ry Stevenson persists in saying that
°,t £°*v£ ls bruised bead and fractured
rib by being knocked down by a Mission-
B V e rt t . car J but Ga Ptain. Seymour instruct
ed Detectives Graham and Fitzgerald to
arrest Grogan. who admits having the
fight with Stevenson.
Acknowledges Having the Fight.
Roland was heard going into the bath
room at ,1 o'clock in the morning. The
gas " fixtures were In good order : and all
the surroundings point to suicide..
The : boy. was of temperate habits,' and
before he retired last Wednesday even
ing was. in his usual cheerful frame of
mind. He discussed with his landlady,
Mrs. Marie Rodust, and her daughter,
Daisy Estelle, projects for their vacation
next summer. : He also arranged to take
the young lady to Palo Alto next Sunday
to visit his mother. / -
Roland Selzer, a 17-year-old drug clerk,
was {ou'nd yesterday morning asphyxi
ated in his bed at 1510 Jones street. The
key of the' gas burner was fully .'turned
on. . The .Coroner has been 'unable to as
certain any motive that would lead Selzer
to commit suicide, or any plausible rea
son " why- the young^ man's . death should
be considered accidental.
Roland Selzer Retires in Cheerful
Mood and Is Found Asphyxiated
. }¦ in the Morning'.
iffYSTEBIOTJS DEATH OF
A YOUNG DRUG , CLERK
Three teachers on the evening proba
tionary list. Miss A. Loewi, Miss E. Mad
dea and Miss A. J. Rock, petitioned
Mayor Schmltz yesterday to be placed on
the day eligible list. The teachers repre
sent that they were employed in regular
classes, bat were consolidated out of the
department. They state that though they
were regularly elected into the depart
me^w ey 7^? never There is
no call for their services, as there are flf-
Hf/U^if 8 ° n th £ evenln S unassigned
IS ° n evening probation-
Teachers Petition the 'Mayor.
- Two Texans testified to-day. They were
Emanuel Raphael, secretary and manager
of the Houston Clearing-house, and also
a trustee of the Rice Institute, and Ar
thur B. j Cohn, clerk and agent of W. M.
Rice at Houston. Raphael told of the
plans for the Rice Institute. He swore he
was familiar with Rice's signature and
that the signatures on the checks, the as
signment of the Rice estate to Patrick
and the paper- which revoked Captain
Baker's right to Rice's safety deposit box
were forgeries. • ¦ •
-Cohn swore the signatures to the 1900
will, the checks and the assignment were
not genuine.
The cross-examination of Blinn by coun
sel for the defense brought out that there
was an arrangement by which, the wit
ness was to receive $75,000 from, the Rice
Institute if the 1896 will was admitted to
probate. Under this 189C will Blinn's share
was $5000. Witness said that the arrange
ment was in writing. It came from
Colonel Joseph Rice (William Rice's
nephew^ and he (Blinn) had signed the
paper.
Following the evidence of Banker Nor
man S. Meldrum, who was again on the
stand to-day, that the signature to the
assignment of Rice's estate , to Patrick
was a forgery, and that the signature to
the 1896 will was genuine, came the testi
mony of Joseph L,. Blinn of Springfield,
Mass., a nephew of the dead man. Blinn
told of being-, summoned to New York by
Patrick, and said the latter told him he
(Blinn) was to get $30,000 of the estate
under the 1900 or Patrick will.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— When Recorder
Goff closed court for the day in the trial
of Albert T. Patrick for the murder of
William March Rice, he had for the tenth
time ruled out the admission of the Rice
will of 18%, which' the prosecution has
been trying to get, into the record.
Preceding the action on the resolution
Dr. Gilman spoke at some length, outlin-
Tif 1 m C0P< ; a " d P ur P°ses of < the gift.
Jil^ to-day was a brief one, Ab
1 r. S - , Hewlt t of New York presiding
The by-laws of the Institution were care
fully considered and a few changes in the
£nguage of the final - draft were mad»
These changes make the terms of office
of the trustees three Instead of five years
A specific provision was inserted in - the*
firth-article that no expenditure shall be
authorized or be made by- the, executive
committee except in pursuance of a pre
vious appropriation by the board. The
executive committee also is; directed to
submit at each annual meeting a detailed
estimate, for- the expenditures of the suc
ceeding year'and amendment of the by-
laws'is permitted by a majority vote of
the entire membership of the' boards. of
trustees at any prior as well as a subse
quent meeting of the board to l be i held
next November. , The ' executive board
spent most of the afternoon in confer
ence. /The next meeting: of; the trustees
will be held at the : headquarters of the
institution' here next November. / :
Resolved. That the ; board ! of trustees ac
knowledging the, generosity of the gift of Mr
Carnegie in the foundation of the institution'
desire to express the concurrence of th» trus
tees In the scope and purposes . stated In his
deed of trust, and hereby formally accept the
donation and the responsibilities connected
witn it. . ¦ ¦ , ¦ .. ¦ . -\ . i .- ¦-_.¦¦,
Abram S. Hewitt, Dr. D. C. Giiraan,
Secretary of War.Ellhu Root, Dr. J. S.
SI"? 6 ?,' Carro11 D. Wright, Dr. S. Weir
Mitchell and Dr. C. D. Walcott. Dr Gil
man, president of the institution, reported
that a house, 1439 K street, this city, had
been secured for a. temporary home - for
the institution. The erection later of an
administration building In this cltv is
contemplated. Judge Morrow of Califor
nia offered the following resolution, ' ac
knowledging the gift, which was unan
imously adopted: ¦ ¦
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— The Carnegie
Institution completed its organization to
day by the election of the following ex
ecutive committee:
President, P. H. McCarthy; vice' president,
E. J. Branden; recording and .corresponding
secretary, O. A. Tveitmoe; treasurer. John E.
McDougald; financial secretary, H. Thieler;
sergeant at arms, -.William Griffin: business
asents.H. M. Haundern and Louis Chester;
law and legislative committee, George Mc
laughlin, ,R. S. McCann.j John P. HoRan, M.
J. Kelley, Thomaa Bayliss; organising com
mittee, William French, B: Powers, William
Bemis, - James Mee, T. Mayblum; trustee*, \V.
J. X. Robinson. ~A. K. Drundei; A. ¦ I>. Hollls,
Charles Weber, C. Clancy; executive " board,
Thomas McQlll, . James Hansey, William Best,
John Bradley, R. 'Sproete, , J. McDonald. S.
Schell, George McLaughlln, G. J Topper, B.
Powers, John P. Morgan,. A." E. Smith. H. G.
Dougherty, J. P. Harkins, F. L. young R,
Lynch. H. Coslon, William French. W. M.
Page, M. F. Clark, L. B, Boynton, . John Me-
Grath and E. Kords ,
The Building Trades- Council held .its
annual meeting last night. \ There was a
large attendance. Officers for the ensu
ing year were elected after spirited bal
loting. The result of the election was as
follows: . _.,-....
Annual Meeting of the Organization
Brings Out a Large At- •
, : 'tendance.
¦ rrtt ' ' ' * " ¦ • * : ' ''
TRADES COUNCIL ELECTS n
OFFICERS FOR THE YEAR
The orchestra has been steadily at work
since the last concert, and Director Stein
dorff and Concertmeister Minetti believe
this afternoon's concert will compare very
favorably with those of the former series.
The concert begins at 3:15 p. m. precisely,
and the audience Is respectfully requested
to be seated by that time. . ¦ '
One of the b.est programmes yet given
by the San Francisco Symphony Society
orchstra will be that which has been ar
ranged for this afternoon's concert at the
Grand Opera-house. It is distinctively
modern in character, with the Slavic
school strongly represented by. Dvorak's
"New World Symphony," that will open
the ¦ programme, and the "Nutcracker
Suite" of Tschaikowsky. Lalo's "Rhap
sodie Espagnol" Is an excellent example
of another modern school. The overture
from "Der Freischutz" will be the only
number chosen from the older classics. "
Given Arranged for This
Afternoon.
One of the Best • Programmes Yet
Prosecution in i Patrick
Murder Trial Meets
With Setback. - '
John McNeil!, a laborer, 68 years old,
committed suicide yesterday in a revolting
mar Tier at the home of a married daugh
ter. Mrs. Gus Lindauer, 534 Capo street.
Mc^elU had been in bad health for some
montns past and became morose and de
epondent, as well as eccentric in manner
Shortly after noon yesterday he called on
Mrs. Lindauer and after making a few in
coherent remarks drew a revolver from
his hip pocket, placed it against Ms tem
ple icnd pulled th© trigger. He fell to the
floor dead. McXeill was a widower. An
inquest will be held. "
Kills Himself Before Daughter.
Executive Committee of
Institution Accepts
the Trust.
SYMPHONY CONCERT.
DISTINCTIVELY MODERN
CHICAGO, Jan. 30.— Kid Herman, '. a
comparatively unknown boxer, fought Joe
Bernstein of New York to a draw at the
Pyramid Athletic Club to-night. Bern
stein declared. he had to make such low
weight— 124 pounds— that he was unable
to do himself justice.
Fights a Draw With Bernstein.
CARNEGIE'S GIFT
ACKNOWLEDGED
Arrangements have been completed for '
the dedication of the Sunset Congrega- !
tional Church's new building, which is lo
cated on the east side of Ninth avenue,
between K and L> streets.. The services
will be held on Sunday afternoon at 3
o'clock. . Revs. Drs. Adams, Rader, Pond
Harrison, jAVyckoff and others will offi
ciate. r .
At the annual meeting, held a few days
ago, Edward Ewald was re-elected clerM
George H. Maktnson treasurer and Mrs.
Sylvia Hart deaconess. Mrs. William
Alexander was elected superintendent,
and -W. H. Jones and George H. Makin
son were chosen members of the board of
trustees.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— Jacob Ruppert
Jr. bought Oakland Baron, Uhe 10-year
old trotter, by Baron Wilkes, dam Lady
Mackay, for $15,700 at the Faslg-Tipton
sale to-day. Oakland Baron is a "brown
stallion, with a record of 2:09^. He will
be raced, but will also be used for stud
purposes at Poughkeepsie.
Euppert Buys Oakland Baron.
Sunset Congregational Church to
Hold Special Services Sunday
WHX DEDICATE NEW
CHUBCH BUILDING
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and upward. . ; ; ;j r j
Fifth race—Six' furlongs; purse; three-year
olda.
3174 Royal Rogue. 109 |(315S)The Giver 11?
3104 Divina 117 3191 Malasplna ...107
3146 Josle 0 1121. v
Fourth race — Six and a. half furlonxs: the
San Ramon handicap; three-year-olds and up
ward.
28TC Haxerdon ...110, 2S01 Joe Frey 113
(SISEOByron Ro 8 e...U3 3165 Sly 109
*U77 J Boggs 9O (3194)Kenllworth ..126
3105 Prin Titanla. »5 29S3 Articulate ...106
3111 Magi °«l
(31S6)Constable 61 J
Al NelH and Charles (Dutch) Thurston
have been matched for j a fifteen-round
contest on February 14 at ' the Reliance
Athletic Club. Oakland, for the welter
weight championship of the Pacific Coast
The articles of agreement were signed
yesterday at Harry Corbett's. The match,
was made by Superintendent Walter B.
Fawcett of the Reliance Club. The men
have agreed to fight at 148 pounds, weigh
ing in at 6 o'clock the evening of the.
fight. Neili and Thurston fought a draw
last July. . •
Card, for February Exhibition.
Reliance Club Secures Attractive
NEILL TO FIGHT THUKSTON".
RULES OUT WILL
FOR TENTH TIME
QEORGp; GARDNER is a pro
nounce'd favorite in the betting
on his fight fo-night in Mechan
ics' Pavilion with Jack Root. The
Chicagoal^went back 'a couple of
points yesterday, the prevailing odds be
ing 10 to 7.
The followers of. the ring In this city
think they know a fighter when they see
one. and they are willing to go down,
hook, line and sinker, on Gardner." They
have -watched, him in his various fights
Since last July and note an. Improvement
each time he enters the ring. He has im
proved steadily in everything that goes to
make up a lighter, and just how good he
is competition alone will develop.
Opposed to him is a. man who "has never
been defeated. That is why the Chicago
Sixth race, seven furlongs — I^ady Alberta
won, Albert F. Dewey second, Senator Sulli
van third. Time, 1:32%.
Fourth race, handicap, six and a half fur
longs—Maggie Davis won. Weldeman second,
Kalotna third. Time, 1:2.»H/
Fifth race, one. mile, selling — Echodale won.
Garter Ban second. Star Cotton third. Time,
1 :45}£- * \ ¦¦.... . . / . . ¦ : '
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Sand
Flea won. Prowl", second, Dolce Far Nlente
third. Time, l:09i&. ,
¦ Third race, selling, one mile— Prince Real
won, Ceylon .second, Dal Keith 'third. Time.
1:4SVS; ••••/' •
New Orleans Racing.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 30. — Crescent City
summary: ¦ - - . . . - ;
- Firat race;vslx-rurlbngs,' selling— Jerry Hunt
won, Horseshoe Tobaoco second, Masterful
third. Time. 1:17. .
The veterans dwelling at the home In
Napa County will salute the lady min
strels of Buena Vista. Parlor, Native
Daughters of the Golden West, to-mor
row evening. The ladles, " who delight
to honor the defenders of. the flag, will,
under the direction of LJoyd Spencer, re
peat in Social Hall at the home the min
strel performance that recently won the
applause of San Francisco audiences at
Native Sons* HalL The cast embraces
Miss Belle OT3rien and Miss Alice Tlcou
let, bones; Mrs. F. P. Wehe and Miaa
Adele Ugnon, tambo; Miss Annie Worth,
interlocutor; Miss Lawner Miller, dancer;
soloists— Miss Etta O'Brien and Miss Lily
Wilson, contralto, and Miss Etta Welch,
soprano. A chorus, also displaying talent
and beauty, -will reinforce the soloists.
Miss Marie Lawler, representing the board
of directors, manages the aggregation of
artists.
¦ The preliminaries are expected- to en
tertain the spectators until the big men
put in their appearance; Phil Waftd will
referee. ,--¦ ¦ ¦ :¦¦¦ . >•¦ ., . *
Both men have gone through their train
ing without injury. Unusual interest at
taches to their meeting, as it will prac-.
tlcally decide the middle-weight cham
pionship of America. . . .
contingent has such confidence in the man
from the Windy City. He has met all
kinds of fighters and has always held his
own with. them. His showing in this city
with Kid Carter was not an impressive
one, but he explains this on the ground
that he had gone stale. He won the fight
on a foul.
2Jative Daughters of Buena Vista
Parlor Are to Give an Example
Second race — One mile and an eighth; selling;
four-year-olds and uirssArd.
3148 M. L. Eoth'd.KK) 3170 Barlene . 104
315.5 Billy Lyons.. 10B 3112 Sunello Ill
321ft Cougar .. 101) 3178 Lodestar 111
:52O.{ William F 111 3213 Expedient ...111
3170 Artilla 100 3222 Capt. Gaines.114
3220 Bob Palmer.. UK! 3222 El Mido.... ..Ill
3222 Senator Mattslll
Third race — One mile; selling ;" three-year-olds
3214 King Dellts..lH| 3102 Ravlno ......106
3208 Quadra 81) (31S5)Nilgar •• HI
31US Einstein .....111| 3212 Mission Ill
Winnie O'Connor, the jockey, and Green
B. Morris, the owner, have arrived at an
amicable adjustment of their difficulties.
Winnie will again don the purple jacket
with white cap.
Walter Jennings had to stand another
boost yesterday when Lapidus won. W.
H. McNames, who tilted Quiet on
Wednesday, bid up the colt from $600 -to
$900. Of course the stable responded with
a $5 bid. - ;
Clem Jenkins, who rode with marked
success in England last season, and who
is one of the most gentlemanly of Ameri
can riders, was an onlooker at Oakland
yesterday. -Nash ¦ Turner/ -who arrived
with Jenkins, also looked over' the "situa
tion. ¦ -
Rollick from his improvement yesterday
must have been short on Wednesday. . .
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race — Six furlongs; selling:; three-year
olds and upward. "
(31SS)John Peters.. .119 31SS Rubino 104
(:r217)Quiet .'. .11» 3004 Gold Baron... 120
30U2 Senator Brucell9 2DCS Mike Rice.. ..US
3173 Our Lizzie. ...120 3201 Marineuse ...115
3^17 Claudator 101 3197 Annie .Max... 07
' 31SS Dulcimer ....100 31U1 Nonle 114
Track Notes.
LADY MINSTRELS WILL
DELIGHT THE VETERANS
The annual reports of the treasurer,
secretary and commodore were read and
adopted. After prolonged discussion It
was decided to be the sense of the meet
ing that an assessment of $6 per member,
payable 60 cents per month, be levied.
Commodore, Edwin F. Sagar; vice commo
dore, Thomas Jennings; port captain. John H.
Keefe; directors, the . foregoing, with J. O.
Brickell. Charles EJ Barrett, W. B. Short and
Harry D. Hawks; members of regatta com
mittee — E. B. Learning, T. J. Kavanaush and
P. J. Martenstein.
There was a large attendance of mem
bers at the annual meeting of the Corinth
ian Yacht Club, held Wednesday night in
Red Men's Hall, Bush street. The follow
ing were elected to serve as officers for
the coming year:
Decision to Levy an Assess
ment on the Members.
Long and Warm Discussion Ends in
CORINTHIANS ELECT
f . THE REGULAR TICKET
From the first ro'und/ in which Green
was forced to take the /count, until the
decisive blow was landed, the result was
never In doubt. Ryan was the aggressor
throughout, s Green being unable to with-'
st » n <i the furious rushes of his opponent.
in the first round Ryan made It appar
ent that it was to be a fast flght so far
as his side of the argument was con
cerned. " After knocking Green over the
ropes^with a hard right in the ribs he
landed again with his left on Green's
jaw with such. telling effect that the lat
ter was forced to take the count.
In the next round Ryan rained body
blows on his opponent, whose distress
caused him again to go to his knees for
five seconds. Just before the bell sounded
Kyan again knocked Green through thy
ropes. Green made his best showing in
the third round, when" he landed a half
dozen times,, but without apparent effect
on Ryan. ,
In the beginning: of the next round
Rya n landed a clean right on the Jaw,
which' knocked . Green, down. After this
Green was in ¦ great distress and ran
around the ring to avoid his opponent.
Ryan was waiting to land a knock-out
punch, and after one minute and twenty
seconds in the seventh round,\ quick as
a, flash, he landed another right on the
jaw and Green went flat on his back.
Green was counted out and had to be
carried to his dressing-room and revived
with some difficulty.
Ryan announced to-night that he Is
ready to fight any middle-weight in the
world. , "'¦••• » •
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 30.— Tommy Ryan
of- this city, who claims the middle
weight championship . of the . world,
knocked out George Green of ' San
Francisco to-night in the seventh round
of what was scheduled as . a ten-round
contest before a large attendance in
Armory Hall. .,
It -was decided that the amateur rule
prohibiting boxers from appearing under
assumed names will be strictly enforced.
The matter has created a sensation
among amateur athletes, owing to the
prominence of the accused.- The present
officials of the association seem to think
it casts a reflection on them and are In
tent on having a thorough investigation of
the charges which have been hinted at
. for some time. .
The meeting resulted in putting: amateur
boxing in what appears to be a healthy
: condition. It is not a sport which adapts
itself readily to amateur laws, but the
.promoters have met the governing body
¦more than naif way and good results are
¦ expected.
W. B. • Harrington represented the San
Francisco Athletic Club, Dan Crowley the
Bay City Athletic Clnb and Morris Levy
the Hayes Valley Club. They agreed to
match only registered amateurs. For
prizes they will give merchandise orders,
but no. cash. . . .
The action recently taken suspending
the San Francisco and Bay City clubs
was rescinded. It was found the Hayes
Valley Club haul never , qauliiled as a
member, its membership fee of $7 50 not
having been paid. Mr. Levy paid this and
the club -was declared a member of the
association. The clubs will be represented
at each monthly meeting of the associa
tion hereafter.
President W. B. Hlnchman of the asso
ciation will prefer charges to-day .and the
accused will be given a hearing on Feb
ruary 13. Morris .Levy of the Hayes Val
ley Athletic Club has been ordered to uro
<luce a letter written by the accused, In
which a demand is said to be made for
money. *
Grave accusations were made last night
*t a meeting held in the Olympic Club
against a man who for years has held a
prominent position in connection with
amateur athletics. It is claimed he ex
; acted $20 from the Hayes Valley Athletic
Club as a membership £ee in the Pacific
Association of Amateur Athletic .Union,
and also that he collected registration fees
•from many athletes, chiefly boxers, for
which he has never accounted in full to
the association. He issued registration
cards bearing' only his signature, when
they require those of three members of a
committee especially named for that duty.
Accepts Registration Fees
:• of Amateurs, Without
'V Authority.
Is Knocked Down Several
Times and Goes Out
in the Seventh. '
There was nothing to the mile and a
sixteenth selling event but the; favont-3,
Lapidus. The little Star Ruby colt cut
oyt.the pace from the start, crossing the
line four lengths before Eonic. MacGyle
finished a poor third. Wyoming was the
only other starter.^
From a time standpoint the mile selUng
run was a wretchedly bad one, Plead,
with O'Connor up and 12 to 1, winning
easily In 1:43. Senator Matts, a 30 to 1
shot, cut out the running, and was then
downed a' length and a half. There was
no pronounced choice. El Mido, Ingo and
Legal Maxim all being quoted at fours.
On his race of the day before, when he
stopped going six furlongs, no one paid
much attention to Rollick In the betting
on the seven furlorig run', and there was
genuine surprise when the chestnut geld
ing won. His sort of racing may be form,
but Is not decipherable. Such reversals
are becoming altogther too common of
late. At odds of 4 to 1 he went out, and,
racing the favorite, Duckoy, to a stand
still, then stood oft the challenge of Con
stellator, scoring cleverly by two lengths.
The winner was ridden by J. Ransch, who
was never compelled to draw his whip.
Tyranus, at 4 to 1, took the last event
in a hard drive from Maraschino. The
Weaver ran third.
exception to the rule. It was
called the Sonoma/ and was decided over
one mile and a furlong. Position, carry
ing lop v weight, 118 pounds, hadjfirst call
in the betting, while the old mare Lizzella,
with 113 pounds up, came next In line.
Only three others started, and, unfortu
nately, neither ,one of the heavy weights
earned a marlc. All Green, with 108
pounds in the saddle, 12 pounds off from
his last^race, looked "in" rather nice, and
his friends played the Easterner at 5 to
1. He cut out the running- for. nearly a
mile and then began dropping behind.
Green Morris' useful mare Janice, shoul
dering 10S pounds and piloted by Lee Jack
son, passed the light weight. Frangible,
when ready, and in a drive got the verdict
with a bit to spare in 1:54M>.
It was a rough day on followers of fa
vorites, as Lapidus was the only one to
land. Dwight Way, Plead, Rollick, Janice
and Tyranus were all quoted' at lengthy
odds in the ring. The weather was again
line and the attendance large. .
Barney Schreiber'si lilly Satchel once
more had the honor 'of being installed a
favorite, closing an 8 to 5 chance for the
opening six furlong run. O'Connor got her
away in front, but she was outfooted, fin
ishing third. Esternell showed a high
turn of speed at 30. to 1, leading almost
to the wire, where Burns got up with
.Dwight "Way, winning by less than a
length. , The winner was a 6 to 1 chance.
V.
HANDICAPS as a. rule are sup
posed to' be difficult things for
race-goers to guess, and the one
at Oakland yesterday proved no
Fight Promoters Accuse
I an Official of Ex
tortion. V
Calif ornian Proves No
Matchv for Kansas
• x Boxer. v
Position, Favorite for the Race, Fails to Get -a Mark-Janice, the
Winner, Is Quoted at $ to I— Plead Drops in First With
O'Connor Up— Five Favorites Are Beaten at Oakland Track
MUST ANSWER
GRAVE CHARGES
ALL GREEN RUNS THIRD AGAIN
IN A HANDICAP AT OAKLAND
GEORGE GREEN
LOSES TO RYAN
THE SAN FRANCISCOfCALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31; 1902.
GARDNER IS A STRONG FAVORITE OVER ROOT
4
/ We believe that 'our $1.30 hat is the most popular
hat we sell. The price is low— it is easily afforded, yet not
I so low as to arouse a question as to the hats being cheap.
It meets the demand of the. man who wanta a good -wear-
ing, inexpensive hat for everyday wear. -The- shapes are -
Fedoras, Derbys, Graecos, Crushers and Pantourists; the v
colors are ,black, brown, cedar, pearl, steel, oxford, etc., in
the soft hats and black, brown and cedar in the stiff !
; shapes. Were we not making a leader of the hat, the price
would be $2.00. Look at our window containing these
hats at > - PrjySrfflB
Out-of-town orders filled — write us. ,
' > . . . Clo xMQPKCt StPCCt*Cutter Bear at San IHego.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 30.— The revenue cut
ter Bear arrived this morning. She will
remain several days.
"W. E. Klapetsky, general secretary and
treasurer t of the National Barbers' Asso
ciation, arrived in this city yesterday to
adjust the financial accounts of the lo
cal Barbers' Union, which were disar
ranged by the embezzlement of Secretary
Less. At the time of Less' flight the lo
cal union was in arrears In its payments
to the national body and the union's
standing with the National Association
has been In question ever since. -
"Will Adjust -Union's Accounts.
Ifo News of Condor.
The revenue cutter McCulloch arrived
In port yesterday afternoon from a cruise
in search of the missing warship Condor
and went to her anchorage off Sausalito.
When seen Captain W. A. Falling of the
McCulloch said:
"We left here last Friday forenoon on
an hour's notice and steamed up as far
as the mouth of the Columbia -River. I
then went about two hundred and fiftv
miles out. No trace of the Condor was
Been, though & sharp lookout was main
tained for wreckage. We encountered
k toine heavy weather."
Old Man. Hun Over and Killed.
Hector F. Morrison, a patent writer,
residing at 642 Stevenson street, died yes
terday morning from Injuries received
last Saturday by being run over by a
brewery wagon. . He was crossing the
street to his home and one of his feet
became entangled in a wire spring of a
mattress. In trying to disengage his foot
he stumbled and fell forward under the
wheels of the wagon, which passed over
him before the driver. John Kruger. could
stop his team. Mr. Morrison was a na
tive of Scotland, 75 years of agre.
/ "
Last night Mrs. Smythe, leading her
two children by the hand, met Sergeant
Christiansen and told him her pitiful
story. She had been standing in a drench
ing rain nearly, four hours. The. police of
ficer visited the house and found Smythe
there. The place -was In a condition of
utter ruin. Windows had been broken,
doors torn from their fastenings, furni
ture wrecked and dishes broken.
Smythe has been drinking for the last
fourteen days. During that time his wife
and children have spent most of the time
In the streets.
Robert J. Smythe. a barber, residing at
1251 Montgomery street, was arrested last
night at 9 o'clock by Sergeant Christian
sen and charged with disturbing the
peace. He is now being held without bail.
Smythe drove his wife and two young
sons into the street, threatened the
woman with death should she return, and
then vented his wrath on house and fur
niture;
Robert J. Smy the Cruelly
Maltreats Wife and
Children.
DRIVERS FAMILY
OUT OF HOUSE
The oars, etc.. partially submerged and
presenting less surface to the gale, would
move through the water only one mile
where the boat would drift a distance of
lour or five miles, and that explains why
the few articles from the collier were
washed ashore south of the cape by the
waves, and the man-of-war's lifeboat
drifted on the sands a considerable dis
tance farther north on the coast of Van
couver Island.
This theory is further borne out by the
finding of wreckage from the Condor and
the Matteawan. There were life preserv
ers, a medicine chest, doors, oars, etc.,
identified positively as having belonged
to the collier, picked up by Indians six
miles south of Cape Flattery. And at a
point near Ahousette, on the Vancouver
Island coast, has been picked up a life
boat from the Condor. The reason the
lifeboat was not found near where the
Matteawan wreckage was located is ex
plained by the well-known fact thai wind
would act with greater force on the high
exposed sides of a small boat than on de
bris which sets low in the water. •
Mariners who ere not given to imagin
ing things and whose veracity cannot be
doubted are more than inclined to be
lieve that the Matteawan put back for
shelter at Neah and at some point near
and undoubtedly southward of Cape Flat
tery collided with the Condor. The terri
ble marine tragedy which would follow
such a collision, sending so many human
beings to watery graves, is their explana
tion of the awful mystery which shrouds
the fat« of the missine craft.
The Condor and the Matteawan
caught in the same etorm. Passing from
the straits their course lay to the south
ward. For a distance of perhaps twenty
miles it lay in the same direction, follow
ing the route for steam vessels. The Mat
'leawan was noticed in the afternoon by
the weather observer at Neah Bay, six
miles from the termination of the cape.
He also reported to the local office and
siill later Captain Hasdorfl of the light
ship stationed fourteen miles south of
Cape Flattery, and anchored off Flattery
rocks, noted the steamer southward
bound about- two miles off and evidently
in distress.
They departed from Ladysmlth and Vic
toria, B. C, respectively, on December 3,
end were last seen passing outward from
Cape Flattery during the beginning of a
storm. Outside of some Identified wreck
age from the man-of-war and the collier
nothing has since been seen or heard of
them or of their crews.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. SO.— Did the col
lier Matteawan and H.MXS. Condor col
lide off Cape Flattery and go to the bot
tom? An affirmative answer to this ques
tion is the theory which has been made
plausible by facts just beginning to come
to :igrht and which may possibly explain
the mysterious fate of both vessels.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wreckage Furnishes Material
for New Theory About
Vessels. .
Warship Condor May
Have Crashed Into
Matteawan.
SEAMEN TALK
OF A COLLISION
,'¦• SALT LAKE. Jan. 30. — A. new paper made
Its first appearance here to-day under the name
of the Salt Lake Evening. Telegram. -
. The „ third lecture '. of ; the present 'course
will .be delivered at Cooper Medical . Col
lege^: this* evening by Dr. W.F.- Cheney.
He will talkabout "The Stomach at Peace
and at War. 1 '.'..;¦ \ . ,
Lane Lectures.
The New Vintage
of G. H. : MUMM'S EXTRA DRY now Im
ported is similar to, the 1889 vintage, 1 being
more delicate/ breedy; and better .': than
the 1893. > ! - Immense preserves guaran
tee the : maintenance '. of ; quality. 120,359
•cases imported ', in ' 1901, over one-third ' of
total and- nearly 60,000 ¦ cases , more '¦¦> than
any: other brandy - , . ¦•; . .-.-.:; •.„¦-
And all kinds of artists' materials, paints,
brushes, canvas .studies and skins and
wood to burn. N 'We are agents for Wlnsor
& Newton, makers of the best artists'
materials in the world. Come to head
quarters for every thing ' wanted ia the
artists' material line. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. . . " •
Pyrography Outfits
'Petitions in insolvency ; were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as • follows: Albert Wiener, commission
agent, . San Francisco/ liabilities $1604 13,
no assets; James F. Burke, miner. Angels
Camp, liabilities "$516 50, no assets; Ed
ward S.' Hanna, .carpenter, Angels Camp,
$430 22, no assets. : - <
Petitions j in^ Insolvency.
Jim Howard Is Convicted.
•FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 30.— At 11:33
o'clock the jury in the case of Jim How
ard, indicted in connection with the mur
der of Governor Goebel, returned a ver
dict of ' guilty against the prisoner and
fixed his punishment at life imprisonment.
The League of the Cross Cadets, Com
pany G, , gave a pleasing entertainment
and (lance last night at Odd Fellows'
Hall. The following programme was ren
dered: ' •
Overture, Douglas Orchestra; introductory,
Lieutenant Frank ' Colllgan; .barytone solo,
Charles E.»Hay; one-act, comedy, "A Race for
a Dinner," by members of Company G; instru
mental duet. Misses Agnes Kelley and Grace
Haley; specialties, Miss Eileen Costello; selec
tions, orchestra; burlesque, , "Romeo and
Juliet.", .,_.;¦:.: " .
The following committees had charge "of
the affair: . ; . .
Arrancements — Lieutenant Frank J. *Colli
gan (chairman), Sergeants James Ryan, Rob
ert Gill. Privates William Haley, Harry B.
Haley. Robert Bruce. < ;
Floor committee — Captain James J. . Toohy,
floor manager; ¦ assistants, Sergeant James
Ryan, Privates E. Dougherty, William Cos
tello, D. Grey, H. : Hogan. . . j >
Reception committee — Lieutenant *- John i P,
Nolaa (chairman), • Corporal G. Peterson. .
With an Excellent Programme
ir and Dance. -
Company G .'Entertains its Friends
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
GIVES AN ENTERTAINMENT
The vote by which the bill for the use
by .the United States of devices Invented,
by its naval officers and covered by let
ters patent "Which was passed yesterday
was '¦ considered at the Instance of CocM-'
rell and the bill again placed on the cal
endar.. . . - '
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— To-day's ses
sion of the Senate was entirely void of the
tumultuous scenes which characterized
the sessions of the past- three days. After
the Philippine tariff measure was taken
up at 2 o'clock, Tlllman delivered a speech
devoted almost entirely to discussion of
the part his State took in the war of the
Independence of the colonies. Incident
ally he referred occasionally to the pend
ing bill, drawing morals, as he said, for
the benefit of the majority, that they
might be applied, to the Philippines.
Among the bills passed were the follow
ing: Adding. $1,500,000 to the cost of the
public building at San Francisco; to in
crease ,the limit, of cost of the- public
building at Butte, Mont., from $225,000 to
$400,000; to provide for the establishment
of a light and fog signal station on one
of the mile rocks, San Francisco. Bay; to
establish a fog bell and lens lantern light
on the southeastern end of Southampton
shoal, San Francisco Bay; to establish a
light and fog signal at a point on Car
quinez Strait, California, opposite that
now occupied by the Selby Smelting
Works; for the construction of a light
ship for Blunt's reef, Pacific Ocean, off
Cape Mendocino; to establish a tog sig
nal at Fort WInfleld Scott,' Fort Point,
California; fixing the compensation of
district superintendents in the lif e-saving
service* at $2000 per annum; appropriating
$100,000 for the erection of a public build
ing at Evanston, .Wyo.; granting to the
State of Wyoming 50,000 acres of non-min
eral | land to aid in the continuation, en
largement and maintenance of Wyoming's
State Soldiers*, and Sailors'. Home; provid
ing that bona fide settlers in forest re
serves may make good their claims to
land in certain cases;, granting to the
State of Idaho 60,000 acres of land to aid
In the continuation, enlargement anu
maintenance of the Idaho State Soldiers'
and Sailors' Home.
Previous reports from Admiral Rodgers
show that the marines suffered great
hardships from exposure in their march
through the rough country of the .island.
- William. R. Shoemaker, who is com
mended in Admiral Rodgers' first dis
patch, commands the gunboat Ararat and
has figured with distinction in a numbar
of engagements in the islands. Weeping
eczema is a form of that skin disease in
which the cuticle breaks and the sores
"run." . • . \ ¦ . ¦• ¦ . . •
Following were the casualties In Captain
Porter's command while attempting: to march
from Lanang to Bdsey, Samar: Lieutenant A.
S. Willis, slightly wounded in chest and weep
ing eczema; Corporal W. Slattery, Privates 1 J.
McBay. H Witaell, J. W. Hackler. W. D.
Smith. R. D. Demond. J. Ksan, T. J. Carrey,
condition serious from weeping eczema: Pri
vates P. J. Connell. T.- Sanjule. O. M. Foster,
T. Bredtt, J. Woods. F. F. Brown, T. Murray.
M. Bassett. L. A. Bailey, J. Baronie, missing;
hope abandoned.
The second dispatch reads:
Details of Waller's expedition across Samar
have not yet been received. Credit Is due
Shoemaker for services rendered In connection
with the rescue. Detachment Is. at Lanang.
The marines In Samar will be relieved In about
ten days. H59B
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— Senator Raw
lins lntrcduced a resolution making In
quiry of tho Secretary of War whether
"the treason act In the Philippines" has
been passed by the Philippine Commis
sion. The resolution cites a circular pur
porting to give the language of the act.
One yo vision makes the concealment of
treason against the United States .or the
Philippines punishable by a fine of $1000
and imprisonment for seven years;, one
provides for a fine of $2000 and imprison
ment for two years for uttering seditious
words, and a third provides a fine of $1000'
and Imprisonment for one year for per
sons be-onging to secret societies having
for their object the promotion of treason.
Another prohibition is against advocating
the independence of the Philippines or
their separation from the United States,
"whether by peaceable or forcible
means." The penalty for the Infraction
of this requirement is a fine of $2000 and
Imprisonment for a year. The resolution
went ovei for future consideration.
Secretary Long to-day received the fol
lowing cablegrams from Rear Admiral
Kcdgers at Cavite, concerning the march
of the marines across Samar:
. Mrs. Robert J. Burdette, president of
the S*ate < Federation ' of Women's 3 Club"
was- expected to arrive in ; this city last
night, ibut owing tot a delayed train • she
will not-reach: the city ; until this '¦ morn
ing. . She ; comes to attend the State con
vention, .which opens in Golden Gate Hall
next -Tuesday. ' ¦
Whereas. 'Ar. - expression ' of : opinion on the
color line has been asked by the National Fed
eration of Women's Clubs; therefore be it
¦¦-. ReEOlved, That,' regarding ¦ the * question • re
ferred to as , : in process 'of evplution,' and not
yet -at' a 'stare. 'where 'permanent decision can
be reached, the executive board of the Califor
nia" Club, : while; respecting, the conclusions of
the other clubs, believes it .inexpedient at
present to commit itself either in ¦ favor of or
against" the , admission of : clubs : or '• colored
women to the National Federation of "Women's
Clubs..;".; 1 -¦' -.v :;;;¦ : ¦-.,' .¦'•; . ¦;'•. • •
On Tuesday, last" the' executive commit
tee of the California Club decided that it
would be for the best interests of the club
to defer consideration of the ; proposed
admittance of colored delegates to the
coming convention of the General Fed
eration of Women's Clubs,. but at a sub
sequent meeting of the- ¦ members of the
organization its action ¦ was ignored and
they voted to instruct their delegates to
the • coming ' convention to vote for the
erasure of the color line. As Mrs. White
was ex offlcio a member of the • delega
tion, she found . she could not abide by
these •instructions and therefore handed,
in her. resignation. . •
In ; explanation of her action Mrs.
White states that the California Club was
organized to do practical work, and while
the discussion of the • race question and
other ethical questions were in its prov
ince, the members were expected to direct
their energies', to -more, practical matters.
She said the club on January 21 in
structed its delegation to the coming con
vention to vote in favor of admitting col
ored clubs to the General , Federation of
Women's Clubs, and. as a -delegate, she
must accept these instructions or resign.
Mrs. White | was . in : accord with the fol
lowing resolutions approved by the execu
tive board of the California Club:
Mrs. Lovell White, for many years
president of tho California Club, relin
quished her leadership of that exclusive
woman's organization yesterday by re
signing her office. Her action has cre
ated . consternation -in the ranks of the
members and every, effort will be made to
dissuade her from quitting the club.
Mrs. Lovell White Sends
Resignation to Oali- '¦ {
fornia Club*
the Penalty for Any
Seditious Act.
Pine and Imprisonment
Station.
Senate Passes the Bills
Providing for the New
'OMAHA, Jan. 30.— Adjustment commit
tees of the conductors and trainmen ¦ of
the Union Pacific Railway have signed a
two-year agreement with General Man
ager Dickinson of that road, whereby
they receive a substantial increase in pay
and shorter hours in many cases Train
men will be paid full time for ."deadhead
ing" to their work and full time while
waiting at terminal stations" for their
trains when they are delayed beyond
schedule time. Hereafter passenger trains
will all carry two brakemen. All passen
ger conductors receiving less than $125 per
month are given an increase in salary of
from $5 to $10, and many, other concessions
were made . to the men. .The agreement
covers the entire Union Pacific system.-
cedes the Demands Made.b7 the
• .Trainmen.
General Manager- of the Road Con-
UNION PACIFIC RAILWAY
TO PAY BETTER SALARIES
•Army orders— First Lieutenant Henry
H. Rutherford, assistant surgeon, is re
lieved from : duty, in the Philippines and
ordered to the Presidio of San Francisco*
Second Lieutenant Thomas B. Crockett'
Twenty-fourth Infantry, goes from San
Francisco to Fort Slocum. N. Y., for duty
with the recruits for the Philippines via.
San Francisco; Contract Surg-eon- Charles
W. Thorp is relieved from duty in the
Philippines and .in San Francisco, and is
ordered to duty, with the Fourth Infan
try, proceeding to Fort Sam Houston and
Fort Clark. Texas, with that regiment
Washington:- Increase— Lorenzo D. Rog
ers, South Orting, $30; James J. Donovan'
Carroll ton, $S; Jonathan Pettit, Hoquiam.
The Senate to-day passed Senator Per
kins' bill providing for the construction
of a public building at San Francisco* for
a light and fog signal station on Mile
Rock, on the southeastern end of South
ampton Shoal and on Carquinez Straits
also lightship for Blunts Peef, off Cape
Mendocino, and fog signal at Fort Win
fleld Scott. Fort Point. ' <£«!¦£»
Postmasters appeflnted: Washington
R. P. Simpson, Potlatch, Mason County
vice L. K. Munson, resigned. . ,'
These r pensions were granted to-day:
California, Increase — Lawrence Devlin,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $12; Sylvester
Link, Redlands, $10; John J. Bar tell, Sac
ramento, $10; James J. Benoit, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $10; Jonathan H
Freen, Riverside, $10; Thomas McQuillin'
San Jose. $12; Clara Jacobs, Oakland, $8-
Catherine F. Hanson. San Luis Obispo, $8*
Oregon: Original— John W. Litherland
Fulton, $6. Increase— Leander Her, Sa
lem, $8. ,
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Sherman E. Wright, Altamont. Washing
ton—Harry E. Hutchison, Sauk, Skagit
County. ¦ ¦
WASHINGTON. D. C. Jan. 30.-Post
office established: California — San Mar
tin, Santa Clara County, Charles JR. Wes
ton, Postmaster. . ,
Service and More New Pensions
::J:;^-: : ; Granted.
Several Changes Made in the Postal
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
' THE PACIFIC COAST
RELINQUISHES
THE PBESIDENCY
LIGHT AND FOG
SIGNALS ON BAY
TREASON LAWS
IN PHILIPPINES
Heretofore complaint has been made by the
officers that the Police Courts did. not sustain
them when making such arrests, and by this
system of reports we wlll.be able to fix the re
sponsibility. GEO. W. WITTMAN,
\ Chief of Police.
Instruct the members of your command to
strictly enforce this ordln'ance and to make re
ports In writing of all arrests made for violat
ing it, and also of the disposition of the cases
in the Police Courts, giving the number of the
court. Such reports to be compiled- by you
and said compilation t forwarded to me at the
end of each week. -
For a Ion; time what Is known as tVie
expectoration ordinance has been practi
cally a dead letter, but Chief, Wittman
has determined to see that it' is rigidly
enforced. Complaints have been received
by him from the California Club and other
organizations on. the subject and yester
day he issued the following order:
To Company Commanders: Numerous com
plaints are made to me about the lack of en
forcement of what Is known as expectoration
ordinance (order No. 3063). especially that sec
tion of the ordinance which forbids expectorat
ing upon a public sidewalk.
Chief Wittman Issues an
- • Order.
Owing to Complaints Made to Him
EXPECTORATION ORDINANCE
•TO BE RIGIDLY ENFORCE^
i The money was not sent to Hot Springs
and nobody lost any cash. Dwyer is now
thanking his lucky stars that the friend
to whom he assigned the task of placing
the commission was a 1 man of caution, if
the money had been wired to Hot Springs
Dwyer would have had to make it good.
If It were not for the caution taken by
a friend of Bookmaker Joe Dwyer, Plung
er Lewis,- the man who went up arid- down
in the betting world like a rocket, would
now be a fugitive from justice instead 'of
a plain, ordinary racetrack "welcher." j
The day !Dewis Issued the worthless $5000
check on the Western National Bank to
Joe Dwyer the latter, thinking Lewis had
plenty of money, turned it over to a local
business man, who was instructed to wire
the amount to Hot Springs to be placed
on Lass of Langdon. Mr. Dwyer was sim
ply placing the commission at the request
of Lewis. The person to whom the task
of placing the commission was delegated
became a bit wary of putting up that
amount of money without first finding out
whether or not Lewis had the amount to
his credit in the bank, so he called on the
cashier and found that the plunger had
been to the bank that morning and drawn
out his funds.
Just Escaped Committing a
Felony.
The Late Lamented Plunger; Lewi3
JOB DWYEE'S FBIEN3>
"WAS A MAN OF CATJTION
We ought not to forget that the heart fire
kindled at the nuptial altar is but the begin
ning- of true love and fidelity that spring- from
the throne of heaven and are finding their way
into conjugal purity and holiness.
It is not good that man should be alone,
they argue, does not necessarily- require the
spiritual union through the priest at the nup
tial altar. Here again, in this blessed country
of freedom, the old and sacred adage "Mar
riages are made in heaven," as a general rule,
are being made by the telephone. • ,'
The charming tones of the most exalted song
that stirred the heart and soul of the Ameri
can people, " "Home, Sweet Home," can often
be heard by those who sell their honor, con
science and virtue for money or passion. The
fragrant flowers that were culled from the
garden of matrimony called love, . sympathy, :
kindness, reverence and affection, have at this
age of materialism been substituted by the
lust for nice adornment and luxurious display
in their parlors. But, alas, these are mistakes
which Insist upon payment. Those that de
grade the sacredness of the sweet, romantic
Illusion "of true love by egotistic purposes have
written their verdict with their own hands.
There are other cases in matrimonial life
that are of so delicate a nature that I dare
not touch upon them with more than a word.
We often observe marrntges whose character,
creed and race are so differently molded that
after a year or two. when the perfume of th»
orange blossoms has wafted away, become
aliens to *ach other. But can these indivld
ils accuse Providence for the unhappiness of
uter years? It would certainly be unsafe to
make those kind of unions the schools of moral
ity. We, to whom the noblest traits of virtue
have been intrusted by divine law and sealed
with the finger of God, "therefore shall man
ieave his father and mother and shall cleave
unto his wife," which unequivocally means his
legal wife assigned to him by providence, ought
to consider It a fortunate chance and ousht
to show ourselves worthy of the blessings
which marriage has aided in finding the one
and only woman, the bne and only man on
this' globe to make up the full measure of
their lives. .
In France and in the larger cities of Europe
there is a vulgar prejudice against the old
matrimonial system. Marriage, the inexor
able law of nature, the foundation of all social
and moral development, the loftiest institu
tion for all mankind, they declare irrational
and a failure. Modern philosophers and psy
chologists even attempted to destroy the Idyllic
home of family life by terming marriage "The
grave of love and affection."
Rabbi Bergman, who is a thorough stu
dent of theology and philosophy, treated
the subject in a most convincing manner.
He said:
The Rev. Dr. Bergman lectured on
"Marriage and Intermarriage" last even
ing to a large audience at the . Geary
street Synagogue.
Rev. Dr. George Berg
man Assails Old World
Prejudice.
MARRIAGE ODES
NOT KILL LOVE
President, Rev. J. S. Thomas; vice president
Charles Montgomery; secretary. Rev. H. A.
Flsk; treasurer, I. J. Truman; executive com
mittee—C. G. Patterson, John W. Rogers, W.
M. White, Rev. Dr. H. H.Bell.
The annual election of officers closed the
meeting of the league. The following IS
the list of new officers : , .
The Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell, chairman of
the meeting, appointed on the committee
of five the Rev. Dr. J. N. Beard, the Rev.
Dr. J. S. Thomas, I. J. Truman, the Rev.
Dr. F. A. Doane and J. W. Rogers.
The business meeting of the league and
the consideration of the .Ingleside matter
was preceded by a lecture by President.
David Starr Jordan of Stanford Univer
sity on "Short Cuts to Happiness." Among
the forms of dissipation condemned by
President Jordan was gambling, to which
he paid his respects In unsparing terms.
Resolved, That . we urge the members of this
committee to secure the co-operation and i per
sonal 'presence at eaid meeting of others who
are opposed to said bill. . ¦ ' . ,
Resolved, That we appoint a. committee of
five -of our members to present this protest be
fore the Board of Supervisors at its meet
ing Monday next, or at adjourned meetings
•when said bill may come up for consideration;
and -
Whereas, The attempt is again . being made
to reopen tho Insles!d« racetrack, which hither
to has- been bo baneful In its Influence upon
the men- and morals of this city and com
munity, and epeclally. hurtful to the young
men of San Francisco, in setting: before them
the direct and immediate temptation of race
track gambling; and
Whereas, The only argument offered for the
reopening of this iniquitous place - is the | so
called financial interests of its promoters and
such as expect to live and thrive off its gam
bling; and ' - . .
Whereas, .The renewed attemct at opening is
now before our honorable Board of Supervisors
in the form, of what Is known as the proposed
Lynch bill, which provides for a period of
sixty days' racing In any one year, and which
is to be acted on by said, board on Monday
next, February 3, 1902; and
Whereas, Said bill, if passed, would be lu
substance what thousands of our best citizens,
time and again,' have vigorously opposed | be
cause it would open the gates to all the evil
and . pernicious influences of racetrack gam
bling In our midst; and
Whereas, The support. of said bill is being
drawn largely from the elements who care
more for gambling and the things which make
for violation of law than for the things which
make for the best home life and morals of
our city as also its best financial interests;
therefore; be it ' ¦ '
Resolved, That we the members and frlenda
of the Law and Order League, in annual con
vention assembled, record our public protest
to the passage of the proposed Lynch bill.
The'Law and Order League at a meeting
last night at the Academy of Sciences
launched a movement against the reopen
of Ingleside racetrack. Condemnatory res
olutions were 'adopted, ¦ and a committee
of five was appointed to' appear before
the Supervisors next Monday, and at any
adjourned meeting at which the Lynch
bill may. be a subject for consideration,
and oppose the passage of that measure.
The resolutions, which were offered by
J. W. Rogers and adopted by n. practical
ly unanimous rising vote, were as follows:
Opposition Before the
Supervisors.
Committee' Appointed to Lead
Law 'and Order League
to Oppose Reopen
ing Ingleside.
RHDY TO FIGHT
THE LYNCH BILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, FRIDAY, JANTJARY 31, 1902;
recent arrest of Dr. Phillip Carroll, who is Dep
uty Consul General of the United States. It is stated that
he was forcibly taken to the. penitentiary and 'confined there
in a room for several hours with prisoners convicted of mur
der. It is further asserted that Dr. Carroll was arrested on
a trumped-up charge of assault, a criminal charge being the
only kind -under which a consular officer could be arrested. '
He has just returned from a visit of. several weeks to his
home in Ohio. A few days after his departure for Ohio an
old Mexican servant who had been employed in Dr. Car- :
roll's house was picked up on the street badly bruised about
the head. He was taken to the hospital, and there made the
charge of assault against Dr. Carroll. It is claimed by
many prominent Americans of Monterey that the charge
against Carroll was trumped up on account of his sturdy de
fense of American interests in his official capacity in the
past.
AUSTIN, Tex., Jan. 30. — A dispatch from Monterey,
Mexico, says that the members of the American
colony of that city are . greatly aroused over the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dr. Phillip Carroll Thrown Into Jail on a
Trumped-Up Charge.
UNITED STATES CONSUL
IS ARRESTED IN MEXICO
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30. — The Senate to-<Say
confirmed the nomination of W. S. Metcalfe to
be Pension Agent at Topeka, Kans.
5
Year's Best fHE FRiPflDlilU Good Cabinet
Glove Sale 1||E 'fiS^^IUM Photographs
Saturday. W. Anvcric&:3 oraj\dc*t store, f *l $2.5 O Dozen.
See particulars in our "ad" in Saturday morning papers. Equal in every way to the exclusive photographers* $6.00 photos.
Wind-up & C loan-up
Another slice off prices of the balance of many lines to insure their sale by closing time
to-morrow. Read the few descriptions that we publish to-day. Take a look
through the departments and see the sa'es goods that do hot get newspapsr space. And don't fail to get your share
of the extra savings made possible bjr our quotations for the last two days of the 1902 January "Clean-up" Sale. V ;
.07*011 <ffi# alJ0 Wind-up of the
,^ tha^K Clothing Sale {
iiS^^liiS^(^lljP Friday and Saturday.
sale in the Cloak, Suit and. Corset De- ¦.:¦-.*&& . f , M en-s $« 5 .oos u ib. ..
partnnents .next Monday.- -We bought p^ $8.45
. the entire Cloak and Suit '-Stock of. H. fcv Men-* $12.50^ overcoats .
Gershel & Sons' of New York and the &-|£f$S ...:... .$8.45
vehtire Corset Stock of many well-known Mens * 2<M>0 Sults • : •
m brands of Sachs Bros., wholesalers of 7°\ 7 f% * * \ • • • -sio.ss
\li • ¦ •¦ «i : -' i • •/• i 1 "¦¦"•'¦ . • /I Lna*^ r Sm Men s $4-50 Trousers . .
this city, at a sacrifice closing oubpnee, ,/ l_JU\j[ (5/ ....:.. .$2.35
. and they all go on sale next Monday [4P* Mf^M^^^Bi^ ' '" ie *^ 0Te p™'™*^Laii
. morning, February 3, at:37c on the -S7—^js- r^/fy jtA made np for ** FaB and Wia "
"dollar. V l\ // I \ \ \ tertn<Je Schwartz & Co.,
¦ — — ' I- v j \ \j- f f ' \ k A ' one of the best wholesale manu-
Sale of Embroideries. \Tl TTUuLlry fi t tBriBg m N T T ork '
Nearly 5600 yards of Cambric Embroideries and Insertion / 7 // 1L\\/ The materials are «ich' as are
•in pretty, desirable. patterns, carefuUy i worked, 5 in widths / 7 // r h6as wora now ' the Mck coat »
ranging from 2^ to finches, and worth in the -regular // / A mt with military thoulden, th e
way 12^c to 15c per yaid;, on special sale be- O _ // / \U \X\ overcoats the proper length, the
ginning to-day, choice. , per yard .-... v. . >.;v. . ;<*Cr / / ¦ / J f trousm with the right "hang"
•••*.-• - • ' - I// 'I/ / t0 t^ lem - Better values in
Ladies' Leggins $1.00 Kind 73c If/ ¦'I V U 30^ wc *™
. £*** il' ¦ - 1 ¦ r ¦ - j ¦ Xir WCV JF 1 I b«en able to offer. Only two
An opportunity to buy this class or goods that is* not apt to oaL^" ««S<~3 « "
soon present belf again... Note the. price and. lay in a . <&^ daysmen at th,s,pric«. t ,
stock against a rainy; day of. for. athletic purposes.- . . . Boys' Special— Youths' $7. 50 Blue Cheviot Suits for ages 12 to 19
Ladies' Black Jersey Logins— Fme quality, buttoned to the top above J e ¥*t e &•>"« strictly all wool, the newest cut, perfect fitting, well
the knee, all sires, . told regularly $1.00 per pair, sale price this made and trimmed, a genuine J7.50 value, our (fr^T GPS
week .j .-.-.- .\. ;.-;;;.-.-/.-.;;.¦'.'. . . - .:\73o . P rice -: • - •: • • . mp m wm^9^9
Ladies' Black Jersey Leggins— Superior quality, buttoned to" the knee, _ , „ ' '_
all sizes, sold regularly 75c per, pair, sale pricethis week . . . B80 Bo y* *'°' M Russian Overcoats— $4.98, sizes 3 to 9 years, made of
Misses' and Children's Black Jersey Extra quality, buttoned all wool Kerseys and Cheviots, in red, blue, tan and pearl with hand-
to the top above the knee, all sires, sold regularly per pair 85c, tale some belts and astrakhan trimming, sold regularly g^JW Q Q
price this week .-..-.. .....•..'-".;. . . . . B8O : *>y ns at f 10.00, sale price :. ....... *pHrm «7O
Skirt Bindings Good Pictures 4c. Men's Neckwear,
and NotiOnSm An assortment of nice pictures, comprising 25 f##fj/0««u#fi^#* SOC§C*£
T _ , . , . . ¦ ,. r . ¦ ,# . handsome colored art studies of landscapes, **.••**». -ww %mmm. j W«*n,a«
If there IS anything in this list that you . flowcrjj anirnals and figurM , j^ Balance of a lot of 50c Neckwear (some of it
need, the savings that you can make beautiful studies reproduced will make the ' 75 C ™& J1.00 goods) consisting of Four-in-
now will pay your carfare down, at choicest of pictures for dining roosn or parlor,'* hands, Imperials, Tecks, Bats and Band
least' ' ' * " or they can be framed as they are with most Bows, a large variety to select from; marked
' - • pleasing eflfect. Size of picture, 8^x15 to dose, Friday and Saturday, each f _
350 yards pf Waterproof Skirt Binding; black, . inches; Friday's special price, each .. . 4q ' ¦ • B€?G
navy, green, brown and tan; worth 8c yard; . — _' Men's All-Wool Hose — Medium weight, seam-
. "clean-up" price . . . . . . . . . So ' C^AnfrfNHa fOi/<» less, nicely made and finished, regularly ace
1000 yards of A. M.- W. Waterproof Skirt \ M^yiC. , iyeBW|p .. price,.* pair '_~
Binding; navy, olive, garnet and myrtle; hundred pairs of ladies* aoc and 45c for.. .. ... . . '.. . . . 25 C
¦ worth IOC yard; "clean-up" price ... So b!ack hose, with plain or ribbed top; some Men's Underwear— A soft-finished Merino,
675 yards Hercules Brush Binding; light and with drop stitch; extra good values at the camel's-hair color, well made and finished
dark-navy, brown, slate, myrtle and gray; above prices; will be offered in the "clean- garments, good weight; now -_
special "clean-up" sale price, per yard . 4O U P " s *' e f° r e next two "kj 8 * |«j/ marked, per garment . .... . 33 G
300 yards swell Dress Facing, 3 inches wide, per pair . . . - . ; . . . . -. .mm /I G -
assorted colors; per yard . ...... 2}zG '
400 dozen Kid Hair Curlers, 4 to 5^ inches; Gapaduro Cigar s Two Interestwa
dozen ... '.. 4O . y ##»»• OK#ii — .- ' m
40 dozen boxes good Hairpins, a boxes .. So M MUW «0{,i rlSini3Cl SStlCSm
60 dozen packets Princess . Wave . Japanned ITrirloir <yr\r\~' Qo+nrrloir trrvt-t »t 1 r »t '¦».. .*«-.....
Hairpins,^ow marked 3 packets . . . BO tna^Y batUrday yOU About 500 yards of Nary Blue TwH] e d Flan-
I45 doz.eitra heavy Homines, per doz.5c --Will find at OUrXlgctf nude from' fine wool, and becau« of m
"Lfo?,^ Hooks §#1122 Stand in the rotunda: the Stf^uS^n^tS
io C «oss° Japanned DreVstee'ls,' down. '.'.So FZimOUS CapadUTOS.............. enough to make outing or camping shins;
• «-_« 9S«. »»*to»<lof 40c per yard, "dean-
~~ ~1 . ..* WOr US 9 C up" price is . ......... SSYG
SMMUar Sand Othtir ' ~ Balance of our a6-inch Ederdown (cream
J* U W ™ v / Fridav Sale in ' oal y) and * oc French FUaads (** p Iaid »
Grocery Specials. _ . V- W w *»«**« "* O ni y ), etc. , marked to do** .„•
Dry GranuIaUd Sugar-** lbs . . . $1.OO LttfUOr Department. l*» than half price; per yard ... I»C
Washing Soda— Friday, 18 lbs . . ... 25O Champion Whiskey— That old reliable brand; . ;
Mush— Our Victory Brandy a delightful bleak- Friday, per gallon . ...... . $2.40 Hons/fro *•*•!«• a fe» #?!/«•
fast food; Friday, 4 packages . . . . 2So Vermouth— French or Italian; regularly 60c a neMnUncrGniCMS O> y± C
Soups — Van Camp's assorted, condensed soup; bottle; Friday . ... 48O We have a. lot of ladies* hemstitched, plain
¦ f Friday, 3 tins'. . ........ . 2S(S Crystallized Rock and Rye — For coughs or color bordered handkerchiefs, a part of the
Stryker's Sand Soap — The best; Friday 15 colds; Friday, bottle. ..... . 4SO stock that came too late for Christmas; 98
bars .'.'•'• . . .... • . . . GOO Porter — Best domestic; equal to the imported; dozen in all, which we have marked to dose,
Royal Dutch Cocoa — Bensdorfs; the genuine ' Friday, per dozen . ...... .$1,00 ' and a great bargain they are at the _ .
imported; sold in bulk, Friday, lb . . 60c Burke' s Irish or Scotch Whiskey . . $1*OQ price, 4 for 25c; each O % O
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
San Francisco, Friday, 31 January, 1902.
Golden oak, $5.50
'y: O ' Q ' i
This smart little parlor talkie can't help but impress you
as being a splendid value. In fact, it is the daintiest design
we have at, -or about, the price we ask. The top 'is round
and has a scalloped edge which enhances its appearance im-
j mensely. Just the proper size for the bay-window, mdasuring
30 inches high and 20 inches in diameter.'
Also in imitation mahogany at $5.50 and birdseye ma'ple at .*':
• $7.00.
i % "Welcome to look" is our motto — buy or not, as you see fit.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 MarKct "Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.~~~ ¦ ' — — «•
FRIDAY JANUARY .31, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Commnnieitions tt W. 8. LEAKS, Ka&tger.
MANAGER'S .OFFICE. .Telephone Pres» 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market mnd Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Slnsle Copies, S Cents. .
Term* l»>- Mall. Inclndlhe Poitajjel
J3ATL.T CALL (including Sunday), one year $«•«>
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months 3.03
DAILY CALL (indU'V.ns Sunday), 3 months 1 • BO
DAILY CALI#— By Sinel« Month...
SUNDAY CALL. Oae Year 1 - r>0
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1 -°°
All postmasters n're authorised . to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. •
Mall subscribers In ordering ebangre of address ' should be
particular to sire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to lnvjre a prompt and correct compliance with their requeue
OAKLAND OFFICE 1 . .1118 Broadway
C. GEOHCB KROGXESS.
Xuager r*reiga Afortiting. Htrfuett* Building. Cfciemg*.
CLoBff Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTO.V Herald ¦ Square
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATrVE: Y A'-
STEFHES B. SMITH. ...... .30 Tribune BnlldlnK
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
ICcxray Kin Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sbennan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRAKCn OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «<33
McAllister, open until 9:20 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
«:S0 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2?61
Market, ccrntr Sixteenth, open intil 0* o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 8 o"clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fill more, open until 9 p. m.
1 If a man has a light heart the reflection
will light up his countenance.
HOTEL DEI. CORONADO, choicest "Winter
Resort In the world, offers best Irving', climate.
boating, b&thlngr. fishing and most amuse
ments. E. S. Babcock, manager, Coronado, Cal.
R. B. Stanford, a mining man of Co
lumbia, is here on a short business trip
and is at the Lick.
: J. Sloat Fassett, a well known politician
of New York, is at the Palace with his
wife and family. • .,
. Oscar Wormser, a well known banker
of ¦ New, York, is among. the arrivals at
the Palace. ¦ !
Colonel John T. Harrington," who owns
an extensive ranch near Colusa, is at the
California. " .- ,-!":
Dr. Thomas H. Willard, one of the best
known physicians of New York, is at the
Palace.
Ernest F. Turner, a merchant of Los
Gatos, is among- the arrivals at the Lick.
S S^ -Grand!, a merchant of Po&t Reyes,
is at the Russ. , . ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - -. •
J. M. Day, a banker of Woodland, Is a
guest at the Lick.
E. S. Valentine, a real estate man of-
Fresno, is at the Lick.
Judge Carpenter of PlacervIIle is among
the arrivals at the Russ. - >; '
Marion Biggs, a banker of Oroville, reg
istered at the Grand yesterday.
David S. Jordan,' president of Stanford
University, is at the Occidental.
T. A. Work, .an extensive land owner
of Pacific Grove, is at the Grand.
"This ain't a freight elevator," said tha
grumpy elevator man. .
"Yes. It is," replied the boy with the
bundle. "It carries a big hog up. and
down all day long."— Chicago Tribune.
Examiner— Who invented the steam
boat?
Applicant— I don't believe I know.
Examiner— what county In New York
did you say you were from?
Applicant— Fulton.
Examiner— Well. It's hardly worth
while to ask you any more* questions.
You won't pass.— Chicago Tribune.
"How far," asked the woodcock, "do
you call it from here to Thompson's
Grove?"
"Well," answered the crow, "the dis
tance, as I fly, is four miles, but as you
fly it's about nine miles and a half."—
Chicago Tribune. ¦
"What" would -you say, my little man.
if I were to give you a piece of candy?"
The small boy straightened his specta-'
cles with his thumb and forefinger and
replied;
"I am compelled to remind you, sir, that
the postprandial oration cannot properly
precede the repast." — Washington Star.
j PERSONAL MENTION.
The station at Point Reyes and. its ac
cessories have been speedily provided. The
WeatKer Bureau at Washington, hasten
ing to give the added facilities to tbia
port beore the present season would close,
sent on all orders telegraphically. In this
patriotic policy others co-operated. Reid
offices of the Weather Bureau in this city.
Promptly news from the far sea is thus
placed In easy reach of the commercial
community of Sari Francisco. The sig
nificance of the completion of the Point
Reyes institution is readily seen^.especlal
ly when Mr. McAdie says that this is
only the beginning of the campaign to im
prove the commercial facilities of this
port by putting the shipping in close
touch with the land. v '¦' v
A .CHANCE TO SMILE
5 The equipment is complete. In addition
to the great advantages that the station
may confer upon the shipping interests
of San Francisco it also serves as an out
post from which to observe incoming
storms early, and from, this the agri
cultural Industry -will ! receive benefit. In
the station are seven rooms and also tha
observatory, which is entered from the
dwelling. The signal tower of steel, upon
which six-foot flags are set, has a hoist
ins apparatus in the station, so that sis —
nals can be displayed in the most severe
gales upon the wind-swept helght3 with
out danger to the operator. The stepl
tower duplicates the one recently placed
at Point Lotos. It is 75 feet high. The
official in charge of the new station is \V.
W. Thomas. The cost of the station was
only J300O. Mr. McAdie says that at least
twenty miles more of distance at sea than
could formerly be scanned is now under
observation In clear weather.
Bros., the architects, gave the plans for
the station the right of way over other
wprk and refused to accept a fee for their
services, which were given freely. AD tfce
brick and other building material had to
be carried from' this city to Point Reyes
by schooners. Builders, notwithstanding
that business has been rushlmj In this
city, co-operated, to aid in the prevailinff
haste. . The material was beached at
Drakes Bay, at the precise sqpt where
history says that stout Admiral Draka
landed on California soil. The work o£
building began on November 1, and the
structure was ready for its apparatus
and occupants on the first day of the pres
ent year.
NEW UNITED STATES WEATHER
STATION, OBSERVATORY AND
SIGNAL TOWER. i - ; '-'- ' -t
The one great virtue of Burnett's Vanilla E:
tract Is purity. It's real vanilla "extract'&notl
Ing but vanilla extract. i Always use Burnett',
In two years -Governor. Shaw pardoned 473 crimi
nals fromthei Iowa- penitentiary. If is to be hoped
that the new'Secretary ¦ of the Treasury will ; not be
as free to, open the doors of Uncle- Sam's money
vaults as he was to make the gates' of a prison swing
on. their 'hinges.
' Murat was noted among his contempo
raries for his splendid uniforms. 'He wtu
so bedizened 'with gold, orders and jewels
that "the English Embassador to Naples
compared him to a, mountebank. .
Prince Euiwha, second son of the King of Korea,
•as been made defendant in a New York court in a
uit to recover $30,000 borrowed money. The Prince
ays he "blew in" the money seeing the' sights of
7evv York. With- such, a remarkable faculty for
, blowing in" he certainly ought to find some way to
sisc the wind in his predicament
Special . information supplied, daily ti
business houses : and public men by th<
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
. Townsend's California"glace fruits, 50c
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A' nice present' for Eastern friend;
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. *
¦ The reputable and hitherto inoffensive denizens of
Bannock County, Idaho, are smoking "a ', new brand.
They are. convinced that an eight-foot human mon-.
ster, hairy "and otherwise objectionable, is seeking '
their. 'destruction. An interval of prohibition might,
proved effective. . . ¦¦.-'. " -
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
The single-taxers are trying to get, the Massachu
setts Legislature to authorize cities' and towns to ex
ercise. an option as to adopting the system, and it is
believed if the petition be' granted some of the towns
of the State will speedily give the plan a trial just for
a change. . ••¦* ; *. . = :
The New York State Milk Commission says milk
men ought not to wear whiskers because' they carry
microbes, and by and by it may: be the whiskered
man will not, be permitted td do anything except run
for office on the Populist ticket, or pose in 'a. side
show as a bearded woman.
The nation -has now a larger revenue than it needs.
The surplus in the treasury is large and is increasing.
Such a condition of affairs naturally encourages
travagance in the way of appropriations arid leads
the Government " into undertaking work that is un
necessary and wasteful of. national wealth. Of course
if the ¦ money were -wisely expended a great, benefit
could be obtained from it, but whenever large and
liberal appropriations are to be made there U a
scramble for the spoils, and log-rolling rather than
statesmanship .determines the result.
The repeal of certain "of the war taxes by the last
Congress wifh the design of reducing the revenue
did not have that effect. The prosperity of the peo
ple led to such an increased consumption of the ar
ticles taxed that the income did not^fall pffas.was
calculated. The consequence is that therewill surely
REPORTS from Washington that the Republi-.
can majority of the Ways and Means Cotn
mittee of the House are about agreed upon a
policy of repealing nearly the whole if not all. the war
taxes will be well received by the country. These
taxes were imposed to meet the emergency occasioned
by the war with Spain. The act imposing them was
hastily drawn up, was not well digested and has never
been thoroughly revised. The consequence is that
from the first it has been unsatisfactory, and there
will be a general feeling of gratification when it is
abolished. •
CITIZENSHIP— J. A., City. The an
swer to your" question, "Can I become t
citizen of the United States immediately'
I am a Scotchman by birth, arrived hen
last October, but previous to that >time
was for three years in "the Philippines
which I see are to.be treated as 'domes
tic territory ?' " ¦ is that you" cannot,' " Ir
California an alien must make declarator
at least two years before • he applies foi
final papers, and . at the time . he makes
such application he must by competent
witnesses prove that he has resided in th«
United States five years and one year ir
the State in which he makes application
for. citizenship. • There are some States ir
the Union in which an alien within sixtj
or ninety days after .making declaratlor
of -'intention to become a citifcen is en
titled to the, right of - suffrage, - but h<
cannot obtain his final* papers until afte?
a five years' residence. ; .V.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. To wnsend's.'
THE WAR TAXES.
The. people of Modoc are loud in renewed exas
peration that the county may be made hopelessly
bankrupt by the expense attending the trial. of the
lynchers. The people of the county should /have, a
care that, they are not made bankrupt in something
infinitely ' more valuable than money. ' ¦ V ,
At a Chicago mass-meeting it was resolved to in
vite Kruger to attend a reception in that city on the
date of King Edward's coronation, and the promise
was made that if, he comes Chicago will glow on that
occasion ' with such', a celestial rosy red -as to make
London look pale. .
Since; all the .other European powers are vigor:
ously asserting their friendship for the Uriited States
on the outbreak, of the 'war with Spain, it might be
well for Spain herself to join the chorus and explain
that her action in the controversy was a mistake and
that her regard fcV us was always" cordial and friendly.
THE JEANNETTE— Pink, San, Mateo,
Cal. The Arctic exploring vessel Jean
nette, fitted put by James Gordon Bennett
of the New York Herald, and commanded
by George W. -de Long of the United
States navy, left San Francisco for the
north July 8. 1879, with thirty-three souls
on board, including five naval officers.
The vessel was.caUght in an ice pack on
the 5th of September, and after drifting
for "600 miles was crushed in latitude 77 li
north and longitude 155 60 east, June 13 ;
1881. Commander de Long, j Surgeon Am
bler and thirteen of the crew were found
dead, , with all the records of the expedi
tion and a diary written up to October 30
1881.- at -the delta of the river Lena, Si
beria, . in March, 1882. ., \_
It is estimated .that the railways of the .country
will expend $300,000,000 for improvements and in
creased equipments during the present year, so that
next fall there will be no occasion for complaint of
a lack. of transportation. facilities, unless, indeed, the
output of industry should increase faster than is ex
pected.
GOVERNMENT LAND MEASURE— S.
S., City. According to the United' States
Land Office a township is 36 sections, each
a mile square; a section 640 acres; a quar
ter section half a mile square— 160 acres;
an eighth section half a mile long and. a
quarter of a mile wide; a sixteenth sec
tion is a quarter of a mile square— 40
acres. The sections are all numbered. 1
to 36, commencing at the northeast cor
ner. ¦ 'Yi~-r;; ¦
JUSTICE COURTS— A Subscriber, City.
If your" case in one of the Justice Courts
is' being put over from month to month
'and you desire to have it tried you should
urge your attorney \ to have the case
called, and if he cannot do that get some
other attorney who can. /
VOLUNTEER SERVICE— A Reader,
Honolulu, H. I.,- Eligibility for second
lieutenancy in the United States army by,
those) who served in the Spanish-Ameri
can war is not limited to such as are un
der 30 years of age. ¦ ,;f
MANILA— Old Subscriber, City. The
latitude of the cathedral in Manila is 14 36
north and longitude 121 2. The difference
in time between San Francisco and" Ma
nila Is a little over twelve . hours.
HOMESTEAD RIGHTS— S. S., City. A
homestead right under the Federal laws
cannot be devised away from the widow
or minor children.' '¦«"'
' ELECTRICITY— C. "W.; City. Any first
class bookseller or dealer in electric out
fits . can furnish you books on electric
studies.'. •¦" "'¦;.•; "f-
Here, then, is an ample explanation of the "finan
:ial support of the free trade scheme. It is not im
poverished Cubans who are to get the benefit of the
proposed concessions, but American speculators who
iave been prompt in getting possession of Cuban
estates. American home industry is to be sacrificed
Sor "the sake of enriching speculators in Cuban sugar
plantations. That is the meaning of the scheme. It
s to that end that. pamphlets are being sent all over
he country appealing to American sentiment and
Reading for the poor patriots of Cuba. The specu
ators are working our feelings .in order that they
nay work the pockets of the American sugar-grow
trs. It is a case of cunning speculation against an
lonest, legitimate industry. American protection
hat has withstood the attacks of a great party of
ree-traders ought not to be surrendered' to sneii 'an
assault as this. The scheme is rawer than the sugar
mt of which the speculators hope to make \ profit,
nd there is no way of refining it sufficiently to make
t acceptable to the peoplj. . i'^$.
Commission in order to save their interests from finan
cial ruin. Every commercial interest In Cuba is jeopar
dized unless immediate favorable action is taken. With
reciprocity trade with' United Stales in manufactured
articles will increase thirty! millions* within a year.
THE AMERICAN CLUB.
W.A. MERCHANT. President.
HAVANA, Jan. 23.— American interests in Cuba, ag
gregating about eighty million dollars, urge your body
to Immediately exert every effort possible, through
»very channel of influence at your command, to have
Congress grant tariff concessions asked for by Cuban
Finally the New York papers report that . the
Merchants' Association of that city recently received
Some light on the situation is thrown by evidence
recently submitted to the Ways and Means Commit
tee of the House. There has been read before that
body a telegram from the president of a Detroit com
mercial organization saying that Oscar Stillmari has
started for Cuba under instructions from ihe sugar
?trust to obtain options on all available sugar land. It
was further brought out that the stockholders pf the
National Sugar Company € have purchased estates in
Cuba aggregating about 77,000 acres. Another in
teresting bit of evidence was to the effect that up
ward of 130 estates in Cuba are now grinding cane
*nd withholding the sugar from the market in expec
tation of tariff concessions.
The plea for free trade is made upon the ground
that the Cuban planters have been ruined by the long
war with Spain, that their ruin has brought distress
and poverty upon the people generally/ that the isl
and is well nigh bankrupt, and that if we.do not give
the sugar planters free access to our markets the im
poverishment. of the country will result in the most
dire calamities. If those reports be true, the money
which sustains the lobby at Washington and sends
forth the endless stream of "literature" cannot come
from the Cubans. No people so near ruin and bank
ruptcy as we are told the Cubans are could provide
6uch ample funds. Either the plea of the free-traders
is based upon falsehood or else the fight is being
made by other parties.
ONE of the notable features of the fight made
for the purpose of breaking down the
American protective system in the interest
of the Cuban sugar planters is the seemingly unlim
ited amount of money at the disposal of the advo
cates of the proposition. They are not only able to
maintain a strong lobby at Washington employing
high-priced counsel, but to publish and flood the
country with documents and pamphlets in favor of
free trade with Cuba. In short, it appears that.what
ever means they may deem expedient to use in
making their fight the money to supply it is promptly
forthcoming, and it is a matter of public interest to
know the source of the supply.
A QUESTION OF COIN.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
p»r|-=^ HE accompanying picture gives
I the public its first glance of the
IB highly important 'weather station,
UL observatory and ' signal tower
•;,^ which the United States Govern
ment has just completed upon the lofty
headland of Point Reyes, 690 feet above
the sea level. From that elevated position
the sea is commanded in all directions for
a distance of fifty miles. This means that
the horizon of San Francisco for maritime
purposes has been largely widened. Far
out upon the ocean vessels that wouhl
heretofore liave been indistinguishable
are now picked up by the powerful tele
jBcopic lens made especially in Paris for
the observatory. In the station is a tele
phone that connects directly with the
Of course money cannot accomplish everything.
It is quite possible the funds may be used to sup
ply ease and affluence for men who will find their dig
nity so comfortable they will not deem ft a duty to
work hard. That, not infrequently happens, and the
best work in the world has not been done by men
who had assured incomes. 'Still the hope entertained
by the founder of the new institute may be reasonably
shared by the public. The aim is "to secure, if pos
sible, for the United States of America leadership in
the • domain' of inquiry and the utilization of new
foices for the benefit of mankind." May success at
tend it.
The institution is fortunate also in the direction
given to its activities.- The country can well under
stand and sympathize with the: statement of the
founder: "It cost some effort to push" aside the
tempting idea of a Washington University founded
by, Andrew Carnegie." The desire of the first Presi
dent of the Union, the Father of the -Republic, to
establish at the national capital a great national uni
versity has long been felt as in some measure im
posing upon posterity a duty to realize the desire.
Many efforts have been made to accomplish it, and
very naturally Mr. Carnegie must have felt that it
would be a high honor for .him to fulfill the earnest
wish of Washington. He has, however, surren
dered that ambitjon and, in accord with the judgment
of those- best fitted .to give counsel in. such matters,
lias left the establishment -of the university to an
other person or to a future time and has devoted his
donation to founding an institute which will in no
wise conflict with existing universities, but will
rather aid them all by providing funds for the pro
motion of original research. • '.';
Such an institution has long been needed. We have
colleges and universities enough, but we have been'
lacking in endowments providing for research
rather: than instruction! The t .result is that we are
behind other nations' in the great work'of advancing
science. We profit promptly by what others do, but
we do not lead the way." Our professors have been
compelled to give too much of their time tothe'in- i
structiqn of students, to be able to prosecute with
success the studies and experiments necessary '. to.
bring to light new truths of science. It is the aim
of the Carnegie foundation to supply funds for the
support of such students arid to provide them , with'
rr.eans for pursuing their studies. "If is therefore a
benefit to every' existing university and will co
operate with them in the work of advancing learning
and incu-asing the store'of human knowledge.
It starts under the fairest auspices. TheMocation is
excellent. No city better fitted for the operation . of
Buch'an institution could be found "on the -'globe.
Washington not only has a present vast store ¦ of ma
terial worthy of the investigation of students,
but as the years pass the store .will immensely
increase. The financial* condition of the in
stitute is solid and . promising./ The ; $10,000,000
endowment with which it starts \ is suffi
cient, to insure it a career of useful activity, and it
will doubtless be largely increased in the future. The
trustees are among the foremost men in the nation/
and the president, Daniel Coit Gilman, has already
proven, his capacity in the administration- of institu
tions of learning, so that the funds of the institute
will from the' start be employed by a man who knows
from long experience how best 'to apply them to the
desired end. •:..../
GARNEGIE INSTITUTE has! taken jits place
among the established educational \ institu*
tions of the country.' The trustees have or
ganized themselves into a board of control, the en
dowment fund has been turned over to their ;car«
and a president has'been chosen to carry on the work.-
All has been effected in due order and the institute
is launched upon its-career. . - : ''; .
CARNEGIE INSTITUTE.
A missionary in the Philippines says that all of the
army chaplains in the islands are cowards who spent)
their time drinking and gambling in Manila." ; Therft
is always one redeeming trait to a liar of this char
acter— his exaggerations carry their own .'over
whelming conviction of their unworth.
But, after all, would salted hides and pickled ears
settle the miracles? Would if restore faith to the
doubting? We fear not. • Heresy must be • fought
with something besides salt hides, vinegar and ruin
of the millinery business.
¦ & ¦ . . . -_ - . -
What a pity that Elder Hardin lacks the power to
proceed. What could be more picturesque than skin
ning the professor of literature «nd salting his hide
for admonitory purposes, . and \ then standing the
flayed heretic on his head and pouring vinegar in his
ears! Even leaving to hinrhis skin, the spectacle of
this scholar head down with* ears full of vinegar
would draw a crowd in any city in the United States.
All of the clerics have not been content to explain
the miracle on the asbestos or cold-storage theories."
They have attacked Professor Pearson more di
rectly. One of them is Presiding Elder Hardin,. who
in. a meeting of ministers discussing Professor Pear
son said: "I think here is an opportunity to make
an example of a man who under the wing of the
church denies its fundamental truths.. If I had the
power and ability to deal with Professor Pearson I
would skin him, salt his hide and tack it on the barn
door before the ordinary preacher could sharpen his
jackknife on his bootleg. I would stand him on his
head and pour vinegar in both ears and let him re
main that way until he got- some, sense."
That kind of talk will make^ no headway against
Professor Pearson. It is highly probable that Mrs.
Parkhurst has recently bought a new bonnet and ex
cited the ire of the doctor.
Dr. Parkhurst rather diluted his theory by frivolity.
Passing from asbestos to other subjects, he. said the
greatest of the Christian miracles is the power to
curb the appetites, and he declared: "One of these
is the appetite, the pleasure, of sight. - Take that ap
petite out of humanity and every millinery store
would go out of business and fashion would go to
We turn now to some of the ordained friends of
the miracles. One of them, Rev. Mr. Parkhurst, im
mediately preached to a Chicago, congregation an
anti-Pearson and pro-miracle sermon, in which he
contended that when Shadrach, Meshach and Abed
nego refused to bow down to the image of the
Babylonian King and were put into the furnace for
it they were for the time being transformed into
asbestos, and r thus fire-proofed, defied the great heat
and came out unscathed. Dr. Parkhurst described
this fire-proofing .process at great length, and is said
to have left his audience wondering why it is not ap
plied to many people in these days, as worthy as the
three Arabians, who are grilled in burning buildings
and reduced to ashes. .Another has proceeded to ex
plain the same miracle by insisting that the children
were not fire-proofed, bufc the flames were deprived
of heat, and they sat on the coals and in the blaze and
shivered with the cold. Who can dispute either
statement? Surely it is as easy to take the heat out
of fire as to "change flesh and blood to asbestos?
It is true that all forms of the religious idea have
been adumbrated by miracles and marvels, and that
the Brahmins before Buddha and Buddha beforo
Christ are credited with miracles more extraordinary
than any" performed under the old or the new dispen
sation. . Indeed Zoroaster, long before Buddha, made
the three Arabian children look like thirty cents, as
far as the fire test is concerned, for he was swept into
the grate and burned to a clinker, and came out re
freshed as from a sweet sleep, and founded the sect of
fire worshipers, which subsists, to this day in the
great community of Parsees in Bombay, and an ex
cellent people they are, too. But, while we may look
with a cold heart upon the miracles which preceded
Christianity, we see at once that one who' denies them
has no right in the great Buddhist university of Cey
lon, nor in the te^nples of Krishna, nor the Tower
of Silence. The same rule applies to Professor Peaf^
son in a Methodist university; he must be consistent
and get out of that, and seoff at miracles from the
outside ar.d not the inside of a" miracle teaching
communion. So much for; Pearson, ile has the
courage of his convictions, but he cannot enjoy the
luxury of such convictions and a Methodist salary at
the same time.
This appears to have ' been done by Professor
Pearson, who announces his disbelief in the miracle*
recorded in the Old and New Testaments.. He hat
gone to the" extent of making out a list of those
interesting events which he boldly repudiates. The
list begins with the torrid experience of Shadrach,
Meshach and Abed-nego in the fiery furnace and
comes down to the raising of the dead son of tho
widow of Nain. It is our deliberate conviction that
Professor Pearson should have resigned his place in
a Methodist university before turning loose on these
miracles, belief in which is an article in the creed of
that church. , .
: .-. - ¦ •/•-'.>*
PROFESSOR PEARSON* teaches literature in
Northwestern University, Chicago, one of, the
great educational institutions of the Methodist
church. While there may not be said to be Method
ism in literature, yet it is reasonably, expected that
the literature professor will not use. his place to at
tack the fundamentals of the Methodist faith.
SMITING ON BOTH CHEEKS.
be a repeal of a good. many of the remaining taxes,
and a", wrangle .'is now going on as to what: interests
shall. escape. To add to the confusion the advocates
of Cuban free trade are urging that -measure on .the
ground that we do not need the money collected on
duties upon imports from Cuba. Thus the taxes im
posed upon our own people are used as an argument
why we should exempt foreign products fnyn taxa
tion. It is better to close up* the account. Th.6
taxes were imposed as a war measure, and now that
th.e' war is over it is time to abolish them.
NEW STATION THAT ENLARGES
THE SEA HORIZON OF THIS PORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; JiVNUARY 31; 1902.
6
A mrSEMEIfTS.
California— "Ole Oteon.**
Ttrott— The Ameer."
Central — "A Man of Mystery." ¦
Aittr— - "Goralie & Co."
Columbia. — "Tiie Princess Chic"
Orpheum — Ykudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Zorah." v , . : *. - . ;' .'
Chutes. Zco and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ercalos. / .
gbennan-CUy Hall — Angelue Piano Player Recital, Satur-
day afteraooo.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
By McBride & Co. — This day. at 11 o'clock. Drug Store,
at 210 Brannan street. -
By W. H. Hord— Tuesday, February 4, at 10 o'clock? Thor-
oughbred and Trotting Stock, at 1732 Market street.
AUCTION SALES.
Read the Story of the Beau-
tiful San Francisco Girl Who
; Is Making a Fight to Retain
Her Beauty as Well as Life.
Story of a Western Man Who
Was in the John Brown Raid.
A San Francisco" Woman to
Explore Aztec Ruins. |
•»©e9©«©o© , — — - seoeesesoo
THE SUNDAY CALL Of I KT T\ I- \F D0 NO r FAIL TO
LEADS THEM ALL f GETTHIS NUMBER
•©©©••••©ft '-''' ; " v ©oesssooo©
Read theStory of the Quarrels
of Washington Society Women
.as to Who Are 'the Leaders.
I Eight Pages of Color That
Are Pleasing to the Eye.
Read the Wolfviile Stories /i \
by Alfred Henry Lewis. . )i : >\ \AMERICAN CLIPPER SHIP BENJAMIN F. PACKARD, WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY WITH A CARGO OP
. COAL FROM LADYSMITH. SHE HAS YACHTLIKE LINES, A* TYPE THAT IS RAPIDLY DISAPPEARING
FROM THE PORTS OF THE WORLD.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Port Point;
tbe height of tide la the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance' to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of .the Superintendent—
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Gustav Allsted, the carpenter who shot
and killed Thomas Normile on Bernal
Heights Wednesday night, claims that he
acted In , defense of f the honor of the
woman from whom he had been granted
a divorce at noon ol that same day. He
says that he forgot the divorce and
thought of her oniy as his wjfe and the
mother of his children. ¦
Allsted insists that- Normile was chok
ing the woman and that doubtless he
would not have let her live to be a wit
ness aeainst him. ; » *
Mrs. Allsted has been allowed to re
main at her home, 51 EZast Park. Allsted
was arraigned in Judge Cabaniss' court
yesterday morning on a charge of murder
preferred by Police Officer H. C. Schmitt,
and wae instructed as to his rights, and
the case continued till to-morrow, i
Allsted, who is 51 old, was grant
ed a divorce from his wife by Judge Ker
rigan Wednesday on the ground of habit
ual intemperance. He and their sona,
aged IS and 15, testified that she drank,
habitually and was grossly intoxicated on
an average of five times a week.- Mrs.
Allsted is 57 years old and has the appear
ance of being even older.
No rmile's slayer expresses no regret for
his deed and says he has no fear of the
outcome. He does not believe that any
jury will convict him. "*
Allsted * has a visual peculiarity that
had much to do with the fatal ending of
Normlle's orgie. The pupil of one of his
eyes is abnormally large,, and in conse
quence he says he can see in the dark
like an owl. He shot from a distance of
thirty . feet, simply pointing his rifle in
the direction of Normile's head; which
he saw plainly. That he struck .Normile
and not Mrs. Allsted was largely the re
sult of chance." - - - - - .
Mrs. Normile is prostrated by her hus
band's death and is loth to believe, any
thing reflecting upon his honor.
American,' hence Dec 1G, for New York, and
sails 30th for New York.
• NANAIMO— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr San Ma
teo, from Port Los Angeles.
MANILA— Sailed Dec 12— Ship Sam SkolfleM
II, for Port Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS. f
NEW Y.ORK— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Colum
bia, for Naples, etc; stmr La Champagne, for
Havre.
GLASGOW — Arrived Jan 29 — Stmr Arcadian,
from Portland, Or. '
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Jan 30 — Stmr Cym
ric, for New York; stmr Waeeland, -for Phila
delphia; both from Liverpool. . :
Gustav Allsted Arraigned for
; the Murder of Thomas -
N or mile.-
Kills to Defend Honor of
Woman No Longer
His Wife./ -
DIVORCE AT NOON,
TRAGEDY AT DUSK
FRIDAY, JANUARY 31.
TO* ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. TJ. S. N., Mer
chants'. Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 30, 1902.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. tn., Greenwich mean time.
- W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant TJ. S. Navy. In charge.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are . given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tha
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are. but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to tbe soundings of the United Stater
Coast Survey Charts, except when a. minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by th*
charts. Tbe plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
FROM SEATTLE.
.' WELLINGTON, N. ¦ Z., Jan. 80.— The Pre
mier announced to-day that the Government of
New Zealand wa3 prepared to give preferential
treatment in the shape of rebate duty to British
Koods carried by British ships. . ..*
¦ 328,032 gals wine, 800 cs canned vegetables,
302 sks horns, 20 flasks quicksilver, 4 bales
herbs, 63 sks shells, 10,836 ctls barley, 27 pkgs
machinery, 315,000 lbs dried fruit, 9977 ctla
rye, 100,070 lbs copper matte, 26 cs drugs,' 1483
lbs beeswax, 112,785 lbs dry hides, 391 -bales
junk, 80 cs honey, 7694 pigs lead. _,- •
'In addition to the above cargo the steamer
carried the following: 14 c& canned goods for
Havre, France, valued at $50; ; 150 cs canned
salmon for Kingston, Jamaica, valued at $596,
and 7 eks sea shells for London, valued at S314.
The steamer Argyll,' which sailed "Wednes
day for Fanama ( carried a general cargo for
New York valued at $211,188. ¦ The cargo in
cluded the following: ... . •
The Argyll's Cargo.
Departure of the Japanese Liner.
' The Japanese liner Hongkong Maru sailed
yesterday for Chinese and Japanese ports with
a general cargo valued at $283, 4C5, manifested
:and destined as follows: For China, $152,519;
Japan, $104,83^; Manila, $10,780; East Indies,
$1753; Korea, $2520; South Africa, 52000. The
principal exports were as follows:
To China — 11,520 bbls flour, 5 cs 100 lbs
• bread, l^rs brandy, 3033 lbs beans, 75 cs baking
powder, fc~17 lbs 12 cs cheese, 5650 lbs codfish,
1060 bales cotton domestics, 4 cs champagne,
503 cs canned goods, 570 bales drlll3 and sheet
ing, 1216 lbs 19 pkgs dried fruit, 5 pkgs drugs,
576 lbs dried meats, 58 bxs fresh fruits, 151
pkgs groceries and provisions, 4000 lbs ginseng,
ISO lbs hops, 8397 lbs ham and bacon, 50 rolls
leather, 3 pkgs machinery, 1500 lbs peas, 10,300
lbs pearl barley, 140 lbs 4 pkgs raisins, 311 cb
canned salmon, 120 lbs starch, 160 lbs tea, 337
gals wine, 130 cs whisky. 460 bdls 'wire shorts.
• To Japan — 2533 bbls flour, 78 pkgs bicycles
and sundries, 498 lbs butter, 119 lbs cheese, 387
cs canned goods, 1250 bales • cotton, 1330 ¦ lbs
dried fruit, 111 pkgs groceries and provisions,
44 sks home, 768 lbs ham and bacon, COO lbs
lard, 85 rolls leather, 7 reel3-lead cable. 3140
pigs lead, 61 pkgs machinery, 246,068 lbs ni
trate of soda, 168,000 lbs soda ash, 210 lbs ral
' sins,- SCO bxs eoap, 6 cs canned salmon, 92;420
lbs salt, 66,617 lbs tan bark, 774 coils wire, 2700
gals wine.-
To Manila— 525 bbls flour, 9120 lbs lard, 360
cs canned goods, 8424 lbs ham and bacon, 87
cs baking powder, 270 pkgs groceries and pro
' visions 15,730 . lbs 20.es codfish, 8 cs wearing
apparel, 16 pkgs electrical supplies, 3617 gals
wine, 9120 lbs lard, 6 cs shoes, ¦ 2000 crs pota
toes, 1260 lbs bread, 780 lbs chocolate and co
coa, 50 bxs fresh fruit, 30 bxs soap.
To East Indies — 115 cs assorted canned goods,
C5 cs canned salmon, 50 bbls boiler fluid.
To Korea — 4910 lbs ham and bacon, 39 pkgs
machinery, 14 cs canned goods, 828 lbs dried
fruit, 2 cs drugs, 316 lbs codfish, 684 lbs lard,
3 pkgs dry goods, 200 lbs sugar, 4 pkga gro
ceries, 2 crs bicycles, i reels wire, 825 lbs meal,
2 ca soap. ' . , ¦
. To South Africa — 400 cs assorted canned
goods, 200 cs canned salmon.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ship Ancaios is chartered prior
to arrival* for wheat at 'Tacoma for Europe,
33s 9d. .
Will Repair Max.
'The contract for repairing the French
bark Max, the vessel that sunk the Walla
"The damage done to State property by
the northeaster of Tuesday night and
Wednesday morning proves to have been
slighter than was at first thought. In
cluding the expense of repairing the dam
aged piledriver, $500 will cover the State's
loss by the storm. This, does not include,
however, tfce cement that will have to be
used in replacing' the damaged concrete
piers at Union-street wharf No. 2. The
Wakefleld Wharf and Bridge Company
•will lose about $8000 as a result of the
storm. The State supplies the concrete
used in the construction of this wharf,
and the damage in. this direction will cost
the State about $1000. The storm destroyed
on this pier about $2400 worth of cylinders
and nearly $1500 worth of piles.
Cost of the Storm.
When the. steamship Rosalie arrived in
Victoria the other day from Seattle she
was blanketed in snow and encrusted
with ice from stem to stern. •
The name of the steamer Dude has been
changed to Jersey by permission of the
Commissioners of Navigation.
The disabled steam schooner Noyo came
down. from Fort Bragg yesterday in tow
of the National City.
The Chilean ship- Republic has arrived
at Melbourne from Chemainus. She re
ports having lost part of her deckload of
lumber.
The steam collier Victoria arrived yes
terday from the north. This is her first
trip since she disabled her engines about
two months ago.
The gasoline sloop Starlight, on her way
from California City with a cargo of cod
fish, broke down yesterday morning off
Blossom Rock. She was towed to her
wharf by one of Crowley's launches.
The wrecking schooner Shasta was busy
yesterday at Oakland long wharf prepar
ing to raise the schooner Carrier Dove,
which was sunk during Wednesday's
storm.
Water Front Notes.
The Pacific Mall steamship Algoa, which
passes in and out of San Francisco Bay
without exciting comment, has created
quite a sensation on Puget Sound. Ac
cording to the Seattle Post-Intelligdhcer,
none of the Seattle wharves can accom
modate a third of the freight she is to
carry from that port for the Government.
Seattle Wharves Too Small.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
new steamship Spokane had her official
trial trip yesterday morning and gave her
owners every satisfaction. She developed
an average speed of 14.85 knots and be
haved herself throughout the trial as a
seaworthy, comfortable and up-to-date
passenger ship should. Over 150 invited
guests were on board during tue trial.
They were entertained with a dainty
luncheon. At the close of the trip they
gave three cheers for the new ship and
three more for Captain Thomas Wallace,
•who had put her successfully through her
trial paces. The Spokane Is now com
pletely finished and will be all ready by
Sunday morning for her maiden trip,
which will be to Los Angeles, under com
mand of Captain Alexander.
Spokane Has Trial Trip.
The American ship Benjamin F. Pack
ard arrived yesterday, from Ladysmith
with over 3000 tons of coal. The Packard
Is one of the prettiest American clippers
on this coast, and as she was towed up
the stream yesterday presented a marine
picture of a kind that is growing rare in
these days of steam.
Packard a Picture Ship.
Sun rises ........' ..............7:15
Sun sets 5:31
Moon rises (third quarter) 0:33 a. m.
- COLON-r-Arrived . Jan 26— Stmr Advance,
from New York. .
Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Orizaba, for New York.
. LEITH-^-Arrived Jan 29— Ger bark Wands
bek.' hence Sept 8. ' ¦• '-: ,-.¦«:- :
HONGKONG- Sailed ' Jan 25— Shi D Dirigo
for ¦ Honolulu. " Jan 28 — Br stmr Tartar ' for
Victoria. - . •
; LONDON— Arrived Jan 20— Br stmr Moyune
from Tacoma.
ST VINCENT— Arrived prior to Jan 29— Ger
stmr Elba, from Tacoma, for United Kingdom.
ANTWERP— Sailed '.Jan 18— Br ship Glen
holm, for / Port Los* Angeles.
•In DOrt Jan 15— Br ship Glenbank. for San
Francisco. Jan &— Fr bark Marguerite Mira
band; for San -Francisco. :;
,TYNE — In port Jan.3— Br . ship Silvercralg,
for San Francisco. .'.'-• ¦ -. . . ,
MONTEVIDEO — Arrived Jan 30 — Stmr.
•FOREIGN PORTS.
. NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Califor
nlan, for San . Francisco. ."
EASTERN PORT.
PORTLAND— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Alli
ance, from San Francisco; stmr Indravelll,
from Hongkong. ' i
HUENEME— Passed Jan 30— Stmr Leela
naw," frcm Panama, for San Francisco. •
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 29 — Br ship Caith
ness-shire, from Tacoma.
Sailed JanJO — Stmr Pleiades, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Cottage City, for'Sltka; stmr Chico,
for Albernl; stmr Czarina, for Tacpma.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr George W
Elder, hence Jan 28; stmr Lakme, hence Jan
2<i; Br ship Lord Shaftesbury, from Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed Jan 30 — Schr
Robert R Hind, from Port Blakeley, for Nou
mea; achr Mary E Foster, from Port Ludlow.
for Honolulu^ i •
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 30— Schr Emma
Utter, from San Pedro.
* PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 30 — Br stmr
Altoa, for Manila.
Arrived Jan 30— Schr John G ; North, hence
Jan ltt. • -
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 30—
Stmr Mineola, from Nanalmo.
SAN - PEDRO — Sailed Jan • 30 — Stmr Pasa
dena, for Eureka; schr Vega, for Eureka; stmr
Del Norte, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 29— Schr
Waweema, from San Pedro. ¦ ¦
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 30— Br stmr
Algoa, for Seattle and Manila. :
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Jan 30 — Stmr
Robert Dollar, for San • Francisco. .
EUREKA — Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Eureka,
hence Jan. 29; schr Barbara Hernster. hence
Jan 28.1 -
Sailed Jan 30— Schr Ida McKay and etmrs
Brunswick and Westport, for San Francisco;
etmr Meteor, for. San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 30 — Br ship Ancaios,
from Melbourne.
Sailed Jan 30— Br ship Donna Francisco, for
Queenstown.
NEAH BAT— Passed in Jan '30— Stmr Eu
reka, from Kahului.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed Jan 30— Schr Una, for
Coos Bay. ¦ ~ • ¦ *
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco. . .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 30, 10 p m — Weather
cloudy; wind S, velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
LONDON, Jan 30— Chll ship Resubllc ar
rived at Melbourne from Chemainus. ¦ Re
ported lost part of deckload of lumber.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Thursday," January 30.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Greenwood.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Argo, Hughes, . Coquille River.'
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, Port Los Ange
les. - - . -
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer, Hong
kong, etc. . • ¦ • '
Ship Invincible, Mackenzie, 9 days from
Port Blakeley. •
Br ship Penthesilea, Manson, Queenstown.
• Br bark Invercauld, Jackson, Queenstown. .
Brig W G Irwin, Garthley, Roche Harbor.
Schr Falcon. Treanor, Coos Bay.-
Schr Lizzie Vance, Olsen, Grays Harbor. .
SAILED.
Thursday, January 30.
Jap etmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu ; W H Avcry.
CLEARED.
Thursday, January 30.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 40 hours from
Crescent Ci{y.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 52 hours from Port
land, and 41 hours from Astoria.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 15 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Devitt, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr San Pedro, Johnson, 62 hours from
Grays Harbor. : , . ...
Stmr South Portland, Sears, 9 hours' from
Santa Cruz. .-, ¦- = ¦ . —
Stmr Celia, Adler, 20 hours from Albion.
Stmr Newburp, Petersen, 68 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Scotia, Walvlg, 18 hours' from Rock
port. . r . I , '¦
- Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 45 hours from
San Diego.
Stmr GiDsy, Leland, 30 hours from Monte
rey and way ports.
Stmr National City, Johnson, 27 hours from
Fort Bragg-, with stmr Noyo in tow.
Stmr Noyo, .Johnson, 27 hours from Fort
Bragg, in tow of stmr National City.
Stmr Ruth, Higgins, 28 hours from Eureka.
U S stmr Hush McCuIloch, Failing, from
cruise in search of missing H B M stmr Con
dor.
Br stmr Victoria, Casey, 88 hours from
Lady smith.
Ship Invincible, Mackenzie, 9 -days from Port
Blakeley.
Ship Benj F Packard, Allen, 8 days from
Ladysmith.
Schr Marlon, Topfet", 8 days from Tacoma.
Schr Bessie K, Peterson, 2% days, from Ban
don. • .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
THE steamship Hongkong Maru
sailed yesterday afternoon for the
Orient with a full passenger list
and a heavy cargo, which includ
ed $200,000 In silver specie. She
carried cabin passengers as follows:
For Yokohama — Horace Chenery and •wife,
R. Redman, wiie and two children; G. W. Col
ton. N. Hashimoto, N. Nakashlma, G. W.
Xeville and wife, N. Shlbata. K. Tanaka, wife
and child: N. Tamainoto.
For Xagasakl— S. O. Fried. Miss N. K.
Seeds. . • _ _,
For Hongkong— Dr. Edna I* Beck, F. H.
Doolittle, Pierce Dubosq, Kiss M. L. Eddj-,
T. H. EUis. Miss C. Foster, Robert Clark For
svth, E. H. Hobe and wife. Miss C.»E. Jack
son H. S Lamoreaux, A. T. Paul, Miss C. J.
Stahl, H. A. "VTUliard.
For Shanghai — G. Hoppler, George P. Jungs,
V. A. Jennings, H. K. Strove.
From Honolulu — A. W. Bettlg and wife.
"Walla, was yesterday let to the Fulton
Iron AVorks. The repairs will cost about
$9000, and the Fulton people have agreed
to finish the job In twenty-two days. The
framework in the bow was found to have
been badly strained for twenty-four feet.
The stem piece will be renewed from the
eleven-foot mark. The material for the
stem piece ¦will be turned out at the roll
ing mills at Berkeley. The Max will be
towed to-day to the Fulton Iron Works.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31; 1902.
Carries a- Valuable" Cargo, Which Includes- $200,000 in Silve
Specie-— The Ntw Steamship Spokane Gives Satisfaction 01
Her Official Trial Tr ; p— Repars. to Max Will Cost $900(
HONGKONG MARU LEAVES PORT
WITH PASSENGERS FOR ORIENT
7
TO SAIL.
D Time
a>
? H W
31~ 6:14
1 0:00
L W
2 0:10
3 1:00
4 1:58
5 2:46
C 3:31
7 4:14
I Time I
Time
Ft.
H W
i i.6 ilia
1.2 7:50
L W
6.0 1:50
5.0 2:35
5.1 3:14
6.1 3:50
5.2 4:26
5.3 5:01
Time
Ft.
L W
3.5 11:16
3.6
H W
0.8 8:54
0.5 9:44
0.2 10:25
' 0.0 11:01
—O.I 11:30
—0.1
Ft.
L W
St.
6.1
5.0
12:03
1:00
H W|
0:50
7:35
8:18
9:00
9:40
10:21
2.7
-2.9 1
3.0
2.9
2.9
2!s
3.8
4.0
4.3
4.4
4.6
Steamer.
City Seattle..
A1-K1......V.
Dirlgo. . r. . • .
Berth*.. ...V. •
Dolphin. .....
Skagway;& Way Ports. Feb. = 4
Ekagway &.Way Ports. Feb. 4
Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 6
Valdez & . Way - Ports . . . Feb. i 7
Bkagway&.Way Ports. Feb. 10
Steamer.
'om.
Do*.
Bonlta "..
Leelanaw.. ..
Dendcrah....
Empire......
City Sydney. .
Mackinaw...
Eureka. .....
Umatllla.....
North Fork..
M. Dollar....
Pleiades.....
•Washtenaw..
Sta. Barbara.
K. Dollar. . . .
C. Nelson....
Mandalay. . . .
Klval........
State Cal....
Phoenix......
Coronado. ...
Fulton
G. Dollar....
Pomona
G. W. Elder.
Coos Bay. ...
Alliance.....
Tucapul
Czarina.. ....
Santa Ana. . .
City Puebla. .
Spokane.....'
Pt. Arena...;
Acapulco .
Doric. .......
Columbia...:
Hyades
Newport tt "Way I Ports.
New York via Panama.
Seattle
Coos Bay ......*
Panama & "Way Ports.. |
Tacoma
Humboldt •
Puget Bound Ports.....'.
Humboldt ..{
San Pedro
Seattle
Tacoma
1 Humboldt
Seattle & Hadlock ......
Portland & Astoria
Coqullle River
Wlllapa Harbor
San Diego & Way Ports.
Mendocino
Grays Harbor ..........
Grays Harbor
Grays Harbor ..........
Humboldt
Portland & Astoria ....
Newport & Way Ports.
Portland & "Way Ports.
Valparaiso & Way Ports
Seattle & Tacoma......
Seattle & . Tacoma I
Puget Sound Ports
San Diego & Way Pts. . .
Point ' Arena
Panama & Way . Ports. .
China and Japan
Portland & Astoria... v.
Honolulu & Kahullu... .
Jan. 31
Jan. ai
Jan. 31
Feb. 1
Feb. 1
Feb. 1
Feb. 1
Feb. .1
Feb. 1
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 2.
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 3
Feb. 3
Feb. 4
Feb. 4
Feb. 4
Feb. 4
Feb. 5
Feb. 5
Feb. S
Feb. 6
Feb. . o
Feb. 6
Feb. 6
Feb. 7
Feb. 1
Feb. " 9
Feb. 0
Steamer.
Destination.
|SaiU.l pi»r.
Nicarla....
Queen
Nawburg. .
I'oincma. . .
Pt. Arena..
Rainier....'
Columbia..
J. Klmball.
Spokane...
M.-Doifar.-
Emplro. ...
Kureka ..' .~.
Bonita
Phoenix. . .
North Fork
January 31.
Hamburg & AVay Pts
Puget Sound Porta..
February. 1.
Grays Harbor ......
Humboldt ¦
Point Arena ........
Seattle AN. What..
February 2.
Astoria £ Portland.
Seattle & Tacoma. .
San Diego & Way. .
February 3.
Grays Harbor ;.....
Coos Bay ..........
Humboldt :...:.....
Newport & Way....
• February 4. j
Mendocino City. .....
Humboldt .'. ..:.
February 5.
San Diego & Way..
Puget Sound Ports..
Coqullle River •.;...
Willapa Harbor
February 6.
Hamburg & Way Pts
Sydney & Way Pts.'.
February 7. -
Grays Harbor ......
Coos B. &¦ Pt. Orford.
Portland . & . Coos • B.
Grays Harbor.......
San Pedro & Way..
Astoria. & Portland.
N. York via Panama
China ; and Japan. . .
Mexican .P/jrts..
February 8.
Panama & Way Pts.
11 ami
t ¦
6 pro]
1:30 pi
2pm|
o pm
11 ami
10 am|
9 am
5 pm
12 m
0 am
9 am
3 pm
9 am
|Pler34
Pier !>
I Pier 2
Pier U
Pier 2
Pier 2
I • •
Pier 2 1
[Pier 2
[Pterll
Pier 2
Pier 13
FUrl3
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
State Cal..
Umatllla.. .
Mandalay..
Rival..;..-
9 am
11 am
4 pm
6 pm
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
Denderah..
Sierra..'...
10 am
Pier 34
Pier 7
G. Dollar.'.
Arcata....
Alliance.'..
Coronado. '.
Coos Bay..
G. Elder..;
Leelanaw..
China r. . . .
Curacao...
I
City Sdynej
B pm
12. m
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 18
PMBS"
Plerll
5 pm
9 am
11 am
2 pm
1 pm
10 am
12 m
IPMSS
D Time
a>
? H W
31~ 6:14
1 0:00
L W
2 0:10
3 1:00
4 1:58
5 2:46
C 3:31
7 4:14
I Time I
Time
Ft.
H W
i i.6 ilia
1.2 7:50
L W
6.0 1:50
5.0 2:35
5.1 3:14
6.1 3:50
5.2 4:26
5.3 5:01
Time
Ft.
L W
3.5 11:16
3.6
H W
0.8 8:54
0.5 9:44
0.2 10:25
' 0.0 11:01
—O.I 11:30
—0.1
Ft.
L W
St.
6.1
5.0
12:03
1:00
H W|
0:50
7:35
8:18
9:00
9:40
10:21
2.7
-2.9 1
3.0
2.9
2.9
2!s
3.8
4.0
4.3
4.4
4.6
Steamer.
'om.
Do*.
Bonlta "..
Leelanaw.. ..
Dendcrah....
Empire......
City Sydney. .
Mackinaw...
Eureka. .....
Umatllla.....
North Fork..
M. Dollar....
Pleiades.....
•Washtenaw..
Sta. Barbara.
K. Dollar. . . .
C. Nelson....
Mandalay. . . .
Klval........
State Cal....
Phoenix......
Coronado. ...
Fulton
G. Dollar....
Pomona
G. W. Elder.
Coos Bay. ...
Alliance.....
Tucapul
Czarina.. ....
Santa Ana. . .
City Puebla. .
Spokane.....'
Pt. Arena...;
Acapulco .
Doric. .......
Columbia...:
Hyades
Newport tt "Way I Ports.
New York via Panama.
Seattle
Coos Bay ......*
Panama & "Way Ports.. |
Tacoma
Humboldt •
Puget Bound Ports.....'.
Humboldt ..{
San Pedro
Seattle
Tacoma
1 Humboldt
Seattle & Hadlock ......
Portland & Astoria
Coqullle River
Wlllapa Harbor
San Diego & Way Ports.
Mendocino
Grays Harbor ..........
Grays Harbor
Grays Harbor ..........
Humboldt
Portland & Astoria ....
Newport & Way Ports.
Portland & "Way Ports.
Valparaiso & Way Ports
Seattle & Tacoma......
Seattle & . Tacoma I
Puget Sound Ports
San Diego & Way Pts. . .
Point ' Arena
Panama & Way . Ports. .
China and Japan
Portland & Astoria... v.
Honolulu & Kahullu... .
Jan. 31
Jan. ai
Jan. 31
Feb. 1
Feb. 1
Feb. 1
Feb. 1
Feb. .1
Feb. 1
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 2.
Feb. 2
Feb. 2
Feb. 3
Feb. 3
Feb. 4
Feb. 4
Feb. 4
Feb. 4
Feb. 5
Feb. 5
Feb. S
Feb. 6
Feb. . o
Feb. 6
Feb. 6
Feb. 7
Feb. 1
Feb. " 9
Feb. 0
Steamer.
Destination.
|SaiU.l pi»r.
Nicarla....
Queen
Nawburg. .
I'oincma. . .
Pt. Arena..
Rainier....'
Columbia..
J. Klmball.
Spokane...
M.-Doifar.-
Emplro. ...
Kureka ..' .~.
Bonita
Phoenix. . .
North Fork
January 31.
Hamburg & AVay Pts
Puget Sound Porta..
February. 1.
Grays Harbor ......
Humboldt ¦
Point Arena ........
Seattle AN. What..
February 2.
Astoria £ Portland.
Seattle & Tacoma. .
San Diego & Way. .
February 3.
Grays Harbor ;.....
Coos Bay ..........
Humboldt :...:.....
Newport & Way....
• February 4. j
Mendocino City. .....
Humboldt .'. ..:.
February 5.
San Diego & Way..
Puget Sound Ports..
Coqullle River •.;...
Willapa Harbor
February 6.
Hamburg & Way Pts
Sydney & Way Pts.'.
February 7. -
Grays Harbor ......
Coos B. &¦ Pt. Orford.
Portland . & . Coos • B.
Grays Harbor.......
San Pedro & Way..
Astoria. & Portland.
N. York via Panama
China ; and Japan. . .
Mexican .P/jrts..
February 8.
Panama & Way Pts.
11 ami
t ¦
6 pro]
1:30 pi
2pm|
o pm
11 ami
10 am|
9 am
5 pm
12 m
0 am
9 am
3 pm
9 am
|Pler34
Pier !>
I Pier 2
Pier U
Pier 2
Pier 2
I • •
Pier 2 1
[Pier 2
[Pterll
Pier 2
Pier 13
FUrl3
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
State Cal..
Umatllla.. .
Mandalay..
Rival..;..-
9 am
11 am
4 pm
6 pm
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
Denderah..
Sierra..'...
10 am
Pier 34
Pier 7
G. Dollar.'.
Arcata....
Alliance.'..
Coronado. '.
Coos Bay..
G. Elder..;
Leelanaw..
China r. . . .
Curacao...
I
City Sdynej
B pm
12. m
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 18
PMBS"
Plerll
5 pm
9 am
11 am
2 pm
1 pm
10 am
12 m
IPMSS
Steamer.
City Seattle..
A1-K1......V.
Dirlgo. . r. . • .
Berth*.. ...V. •
Dolphin. .....
Skagway;& Way Ports. Feb. = 4
Ekagway &.Way Ports. Feb. 4
Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 6
Valdez & . Way - Ports . . . Feb. i 7
Bkagway&.Way Ports. Feb. 10
AMUSEMENTS.
' TTJ T\T7 K TiT V D I7DTT - s««»ption so widespread? The answer Is
111 i/DnilLl I-mlLi found iu general neglect of diseases
. _-l X/ JJlil/XJ X X JJIUJJi W hich if neglected or unskilfully treated
_____ find a fatal termination in consumption
The Narrow Path df Safety. THE germ ok consumption- is eij-
; ' • - " . _ TIRELY HARMLESS
-. ; >v. ':'-' vs-bea the lungs are healthy. In a con-
The Alpine tourist who finds himself dition of health these germs arc received
suddenly clinging with feet and fingers with impunity. It is only when the lungs
to a shelf of slippery rock overhanging a are n •weak " that the germ is dangerous. 1
dizzy precipice, understands in' a very For this reason the real danger to be
literal sense the full meaning of the - guarded against is the incipient . weak-
words, '"There is but a step between me ness of the lungs, the severe cold, the
and _ death." His peril is eo tragic in all deep cough, and other affections of the
its circumstances, so wild in its mountain ' organs of respiration. These diseases ¦
setting, that the heart almost stands still , can be cured perfectly and permanently
at the thought of it. . .'••.' by the use^of Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
. But as a matter of fact every man ical Discovery. -.;"- ;
walks the world with his life in his " I was troubled with a bad cold, which
hands, and the path of safety is narrow settled on my lungs and left me with a
for his feet. . miserable cough," /writes Mr. Joseph D.
An example of the constant peril in Burns, of 318 Huestis St., Ithaca, N. Y.
which we live is found in the alarming w I used two bottles of your * Golden Med-
'/ // \ I ical Discovery,' after which
// yy V . my cough disappeared en-
/// / //// I \ / re ly« I cannot recommend
III// lll/lJS^^A. ' I / your medicine too highly.*
J I l/i oG&*^^j ( { ' But w Golden Medical
III//- J($g *^(? V "|, I / — ""* Discovery" is not a mere
f ii/M&wXft^Hrfok ' I \'^" cough medicine. Thecnr^s
I , jm^wm^mi / -<? of deep-seated coughs,bron-
/ , chitis, etc., are but slight
1 ' Am mW\WSm uv i <^^ tests of the merit of ihi3
I yffl lli»^\VV\\\\ \\wv\ V\ UtV l \ 1 medicine. In many cases
* I m y=5»M\\\\\ w. wik 1 where tbere were hem ° r *
Xk!w^//W I /T/Tir^'n^iTVurAl/xOr^ P/^' ciatlon > an " everj' syraptotn
<Z WwHJ ' i '/Mm 1 1 Wsj?^- of disease which usually
J&SSJM/Try'' ' I -lIM 1 \ ff W/ZZ, terminates fatally in con-
WW '0, 1 m _»¦/. I ¦ Mfrl ' sumption, "Golden Med- .¦
A / / /MyJfT WU "1 J "' W/'/V/ ical Discovery "has effected
(^ I ' I M !ft 1 - 1 Y^/fr a— sting cure.
\f I iwfifjtiv lifi I 7 I take great pleasure in .
/ IywW I ill /In / / '7/fcs sending you this testirao-
/ illm I//PI '// V/fe nia!." writes Mr. Will H.
1 /~*~^\M//ia(/// IBiIIIj" I vy^^- W^i— °i re tOf Arkton.Rbick-
|f 1 / dfiS^ . \ Jfi * ll $Mr \ *\ I $%%%' -ingham Co., Va., w and to
Hi \ K&tt jiill»^&^3 iM ' -** /> 7^^^^-^ tender you my heartfelt
' ' f §&&l \ \^'* $==£0%/' t^ ian^ s or e restoration
• /I £\ I li ifpf LcSm^'"' ~y 4ti\W%fc*C^ Whitmire, through the use
„ 'i\\ f WVJ&m. " r MhWr^~ of -Golden Medical Discov-
\\\ ll\\ /\\M * M ' %&&k± Vin) tWlt^ ery' and 'Pleasant Pellets.'
11. J' -* /// -fti/^— " Our son contracted a
/ -\ W Y deep cold, and had' a ter-
• & %£b i \ rible cough. We called a
** * Jiilll "$' if ' JW< #"1/ I doctor and he pronounced
"$™'' /)//' 7 /C.^ M • / irritation of the bron-
1 W (llHlilll^W/^^\ ***" t ? bes » asthmatic
cr-^^ C^^ ;i ', '¦' me that my son "was liable '
"^ to die at any time. He
oumber of deaths from consumption, told me that we could keep the bron-
The country is thoroughly aroused to the chial tubes open, he might cure him;
aeed of doing something to stop the but after treating him several weeks and
ravages of the deadly germ of this dis- my son /growing worse all the time,
:ase. Several states have made liberal I concluded to try Dr. Pierce's Golden
appropriations for sanitariums in favor- Medical Discovery and ' Pleasant Pellets.'
able climates. The medical skill of the I had seen several miraculous cures
world is enlisted to fight consumption. brought about by the use of these medi-
Yetin spite of all that is done, the dis- cines, and, of course, I had wonderful
ease seems to gain ground instead of faith in them. I am # so happy to tell
losing it. you that I have not been disappointed,
THE force of habit ' * *?<* that my boy is well. He used three
mi 1111
sumption as inevitable because** its S^Ste^ C0QSUmptl<m **
a How 1 tru*e this is may be judged from a . ersons suffering from disease in chron-.
recent report of Sanitarv Officer Gorgas, £ «=*? ar « invl te d to consult Dr. Pierce.
.ofBmu, Cuba. It has been cable! to by letter,/^. All correspondence u held
the UnS States that yellow fever was *&^ E^J^ "*"&£?*%"£
epidemic in Havana. Dr. Gorgas an- Ad . d ress »r- R- V. Pie rce, Bttfialo N. Y.
sSered bat there is no epidemtc. He tf °^f ZS^?^
says: "In the past mon& there were P7-" Th . e f? 31 " m .° tlv e of J "^f 11 ?? 0 . 11
72 deaths from consumption and 52 from . ls to enab ' e th ?, d . eal f 1 f to the httle
yellow fever. YelW fever therefore f°. re P^Pf d b y the sale of less mcr>
should not be considered epidemic more medicines,
than consumption." " SENT FREE.
What light that throws on our accept- Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
ance of consumption! A scare cry is. Adviser, containing 100S pages and over
raised. that yellow fever is epidemic be- 700 illustrations, is sent free on receipt-
cause of 52 deaths in one month. Not a of stamps to pay expense of mailing
word was said as to consumption which only. Send 31 one-cent, stamps for the
-in the same month claimed 72 victims,or. ¦ cloth-bound volume, or only 21 stamps
over 35 fo more than died of yellow feverr - for the book in paper covers. Address
The great question is: Why is con- Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. > ~
DB. PIEKCEIS EEMEDIES. - -
®V1M, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been tn use over fifty
years by the .leaders of . the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
- worst cases in old and young
' arising: - from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhcod, Im potency. Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. «*? >^ Varicocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner ' ?T) g S vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are 7^.^jZ^ m immediate. .Im-
part vigor and pote *•»¦ * ~ ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organ*. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 CO by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. I Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDT CO..: 40 Ellis St..
Ban Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 33
and 40 Third street.
LAST 2 NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
BEN HENDRICKS
In the Pioneer Swedish Play,
OLE OLSON.
With the SWEDISH LADIES' QUARTET.
NEXT SUNDAY WIGHT-
JAMES K. HACKETT'S Blfe Success,
"THE PRIDE OF JENNICO."
BEADY.
gi^^RAGiNG
bm ~ rtig^ Every VVeelc Day—
IS' Rain oi* Shins*
NEW. CALIFORNIA JOCfcEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m, and
12:30 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with ' trains stopping at the entrance to the
track.* Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy, your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda. mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the' track at 4:13
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately aiter the last
raCe# THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHAS. F; PRICE, Secy/ and Mgr.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLECE
Corner Sacramento and Webster Sts. ¦
LANE LECTURES
FRIDAY KVENLVG. JANUARY 31. r
DR. \ J. R. CHENEY.
"The Stomach at Peace and
at War '%,. :
ADMISSION FREE.
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
gj 1031HAB_5S5T.t«t.6i*?i,S.P.Cil.
,Cf ' The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe
- ««a%>W World. 'Weakaeues or any contracted
WS Pn *s««e positively cared by the oldeit
Igal Specials on lie Coast Est. 36 years. 1
flSSa DR. JORDAN-DISEASES 07 MEN
iCw^B Consultation (res and strictly prime.
B BaLH Treatment personally or by l-tter. A
8 flr Q| ¦ Positive Cure in every ca»e undertaken.
P 17 11 *9 Write for Book. rBlLOKUPBY of
¦ II !| T » BAIIIIUSE, MAILEQ FKEE. ( A '
. A il, . valuable book for mm)
1)3. JORAAN & CO., 1051 Market St. S. F.
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
Residence Telephone. James 1201.
\a/. nr. h ess, >
KOTABY PTOLIO AH3 ATTOBKEY-AT-iAW. •
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
• * Telephone Main 0S3.
Residence. 821 California St., below Powell.
<0SEh Q m _ ¦ jg^ Ammunition and Sporting
¦ 3 I mB ST" Goods. Largest Stock. Low-
91 I R&B est Prices. Until closa of
I H I 1 119 ¦ « hunting season will oiler
SJ R-fl I M Rfl guns at reduced prices.
~~ ~ r ¦ ™ ~^ Send for catalogue. •
. 8HRSTX ft BAKBZTS CO..
739 Market St and 511 Ke»rar 2t
CQLUifcliifiM LMlliB THEHTEE
LAST 3~NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW.
KIRKG l.A SHELLS OPRR.V CO.
In the Merry Musical Success, THE
PW5NCESSCHIC
An Elaborate Opera Comique.
Lost Performance Sunday ISIfcht.
Commencing MONDAY, February 3,
And Company, Presenting '
"In the Palace of the King." |
SEATS NOW SELLING. ;
Prices fcr Miss Al'.en's encasement — $2, %\ 50, !
IJ, 75c BOc. 25c v,'*—
THIS AFTERNOON S^ock
s::coxd matinee recital by
JOSEF HOFMANNl
THE GREAT PIANIST. \
Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, $2 to BOc. \
aiATTNEES TO-MORROW AKD SUNDAY.
—AST THREE NIGHTS OP
EDWIN ARDEN
In aa Elaborate Production of
ZORAH.
Mr. Arden's Picturesque Drama.
Special Engagement of Mr. and Mrs. Gardner
Crane.
POPULAR PRICES IOc, 15c. 25c, 60c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats Ail Matinees 25c.
Next TTeek— EDWIN ARDEN IN "JIM THE
y PENMAN."
SPECIAL! THIS AFTERNOON AT 3:15.
FIRST SYMPHONY CONCERT,
Be«md Series.
PAtX. STEINDORFF. Director.
Seats, SI 50, 51, 75c and 50c. at Sherman,
Gay & Co.'s.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP! '
TO-XIGHJ— REGAL PRESENTATION OF
FRANK DANIELS'
GREATEST COMIC OPERA HIT!
Presented by the REPRESENTATIVE OPERA
COMPANY OF THE COUNTRY! |
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75c
'¦¦:¦'¦': Telephone Bush 9.
IMMEHSE VAUQEVJLLE FESTIVAL!
THE GSEAT CYCLE WHIBL; SA-
BEL; J0BDA2* AND CBOUCH;
KELLY AND VTOLETTE; DA
COMA FAMILY, AND THE BIO-
GEAPH, SHOWING "THE MA-
TEON STAKES." Last times of
. the Nambes; Taylor Twin Si.3-
y ters, and Ada Araoldson.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Peats and OpeVa Chairs. 50c
/¦fHmATR£^A>
Btlasco & Thall. M&naerera.
LAST 3~N1GHTS;
"CORALIE & CO."
"DRESSMAKERS."
The Brightest of All French Farces.
Everybody and Everything in it Is Funny.
MATIXEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Seats on sale six days in advance.
PRICES 15c. 25c, 35c. 60c. 75c
NEXT WEEK— **TflE DANITES."
BEEdSCO AxaTHJUJCB
' a ~^ tmsst crrr tmu
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
A I TO-NIGHT. All this -week.
Matinee TO-MORROW and
Sunday.
T\ /T A TVT TlrtX time in this city.
I VI /\ \\j A P 12^ that haB bad the
* » » *¦ »• * » country g-aessjng.
j~\ r— PRICES— EVgs, 10c U
\J p* SOc MaUnees. 10c. 15c. 25c
MYSTERY
N'ext Week— "M A8TER AND MAN."
NORDICA
SONG RECITALS
Next Tuesday and Thursday Nights
And Follcw—g Saturday Afternoon.
SINGLE SEATS ON SALE TO-MORROW
(Saturday) MORNING at Sherman, Clay &
Co-'s.
Reserved Seat* fl-00, $2.00 and $3.00.
Season Sale Closes To-day.
CHUTES ANDJOO *K&fi~.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES OX A BICYCLE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
GRAND PRIZE CAKEWALK.
Telephone for Seata Park 23.
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL
SATURDAT. FEBRUARY I, 3 P. M..
ANGELUS PIANO PLAYER RECITAL, '
Assisted by MiES Bessie Fuhrer, Violinist,
and the
NEW VICTOR DISK TALKING MACHINE.
ADMISSION FREE, but to prevent over-
crow<3ing of the hall tickets should be pro-
cured at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Music Store,
Kearny and gutter streets.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side or these magnificent,
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district-on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all.p.arts of the
city — depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
- '¦
Weekly Call,$l.G0 per Year
WONG WOO,
.UT CHINESE TEA AND HERE-
VK 1 SANITARIUM.
J!jg0\- 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
*^&S?& $3,V A LL, DISEASES CURED
: r&J&vM&y* , t\. exclusively by Chines*
herbs, over 30CO varieties being used. , Bours
9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7 to & p. m.
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
flERCE'S
FAVORITE
SCRIPTF
I A Flash of Light
Eg In the night— the passing of the swift and luxurious I
I California Limited
M gleaming with its real electric lights. It races from
§ San Francisco to Chicago in three days
i on the •
1^^JbtaalU— «£«£— 63LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Temperature, 7 a. m. — 12.
EASTERN MARKETS:
Cash quotations • were as follows: ¦ Flour,
.- HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and. brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy ". salted
Steers, \ lie; ' medium,' .10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9%c .', for heavy and 9c for . light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Krp.'n%c: Salted Veal.'9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides, l«%c;. Culls 14c-
Dry. Kip, > 15c; Dry Calf. 18@18%c; Culls and
Brands, 1 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings. ¦ ¦ 15@3oc
each; ¦ short -Wool. 40ifi<jOc each; medium.- fZifp
75c; long Wool, 80c@?l 10 each; Horse Hides,
Hides, Tallowy. Wool and Hops.
Articles— • Open. High. Low." ' Close.
Wheat No. 2— "'•
January .... 75%. 75?; • 75.^4' ' 75W
May. 79 79% .78% 78%
July 78% 79% . 78% .78%
Corn No. 2 — .. . . • • , .
January 60% C0% 60 ;60V
May :-..* . 63 6?% 62% 63%
July... 62TT .63$ '. 62%-- 63%
Oats No. 2 — .:•.'.
May ........ 45 . 45 •— -44% . 44%
July.... 39% 39',i' ; 8S% = 38%
September .." 33 ¦ ' 33Vs 32% 32%
' Mess Pork, ' per barrel — . "¦ ¦ ••.....
May ....;; M6 00 ¦• 16 05 - 15 85 • • 16 90-
July ........16 07% 16 15 • 15 97% .15 97%
Lard," per 100 pounds— ¦ :
May ....9 60 9 52% 9 40 -9 42%
July ........ 9 60 9 62%. J> 50 9 50
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — "-¦"* , . .
May......... 8 60 ¦ • 8 D2% S 42% 8 42%
July .......r 8 62% ¦ 8 62% '8 52% ' 8 62%
KHV TORK. Jan. 30. — To-day"« ' market
egaln showed its rympathy with Amalgamated
Copper. The dealings in this stock were aixnu
twice as pre».t as those in Sugar and the'tran
sactions in the two stocks combined were an
overwhelming proportion of the aggregate. The
speculation In Amalgamated Copper, while very
active, was accompanied by much : confusion
cf sentiment regarding the actual developments
In the trade' and their bearings on this secur
ity. The active and excited demand for crude
copper in London this morning and apparen'lv
urgent bidding on the local Metal .Exchange
at advance* in quotations Indicated urgent re
qutrrmPTitt in the trade, but the advance In
Amalgamated Copper, while apparently a -logl
' cal result of these trade developments, is met
by . pcrsirtent rejiresentaions from sources
which the street regards as . authorized to
rpeak for" insiders, which seemed to be designed
to «li«coura«e the advance in the stock. These
representations are to the eSdet that the sup
ply of metal accumulated by the Amalgamated
Copper Company was not only sold at the low
Jevel. but heavy contracts for future delivery
are alleged to have been also made by that
company before the price cf the metal rallied
Speculative sentiment Is much confused by these
conflicting: Interpretations and Is made wary
i tiy the costly experiences during 'the rapld.de
l dine in this stock. The price moved irrceu-
IJaxly to-day, but at a level above last Bight
New York Stock Market.
• COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, ilOc; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ¦ lie for pure; half barrels
pure, llVic; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, lltic'
3-lb tins, 12c. , ' ' . • - I
CURED MEATS— Bacon, liy.c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13c for light
14c for, extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured-
Eastern sugar-cured : Hams, 12®12%c: Califor
nia Hams, ll@ll%c; Mess Beef, $lo@lO 50 per
barrel ; , extra. : Mess. $11@11 50; .'-Family $1''@
12 50; prime Mess Pork.' $15; extra -clear
$22 50@23; , Mess. $18 50@19; Smoked Beef'
13%@14c per, pound. .:-.;-.
Chicago ] was lower , again under selling by
packers. .'That market Is in a .curious condi
tion.',' For several weeks It has J been giving
the trade a daily see-saw, going up one day
and down the next with great regularity
. There is no change here, th<* market "beini
dull and . featureless, with more or less cut
ting'in cured meats. ;
Provisions.
San Francisco and' vicinity — Cloudy and un
settled weather Friday, possibly light rain:
fresh southwest winds; warmer. . .
ALEXANDER a. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday; fresh southwest wind.
Nevada— Light enow Friday; wanner; fresh
eoutherly wind.
Northern California— Cloudy and I unsettled
weather Friday, probably light rain; fresh
Bouthweit wind.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Utah
and . Northeastern Nevada and there are some
Indications of the development of a disturbance
on the eastern slope of the Sierras.
Light rain has fallen along the coast from
Point Reyes to Eureka.
There has been a gradual rise In temperature
over the Pacific elope.
Snow is falling in Winnemucca. ¦
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 31, 1902:
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND^ GENERAL
Advices from New York quote a strong mar
ket'for all fruits, with a very fair demanJ
for -Peaches, Apricots, Apples and Figs. This
market is also firm at full figures. -
FKUITS — Apricots, 7@5%c tor Koyals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated ¦• Apples, S@9c; sun-dried, 4@4iic-
Peaches, 5©7?ic; Pears, 4%@8%c; Plums
pitted, 4@5 %c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarinea 5©
6%c tor red. and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, ac
for black and 60@75c per box for white
. PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as rfollows :
30-40 t s,'6@6%c; 40-50's, 4*4@5%c; 50-60's 4W
@4%c; 00-70's,' 3%@4>ic; 70-80's,- 3W@3?ic
bO-Ws, 2% @3 Vic; 90-100' s, 2%@2%c per lb
RAISINS — Nominal. i - . ....
NUTS — Chestnuts, ' ll@12c; Walnuts No i
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 8@S%c; No. 1 hardshell
»c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for paper
shell 9@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, C@7c for Eastern; BrazilNuts
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, 11@13 C '
Cocoanuts, $3 60®5. ¦ • . . ' . ¦ . — .
HONEY— Comb. 12@13c for bright and 10a
12c. for light, amber; water white extracted
5@6c; light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark. 4c ¦'.-'
BEES\VAX-27%®29c per lb. . . : > ./
•Dried Fruits] \ Nuts and Raisins.
The wheat market was not what could be
called strong at any time. " For a few minutrs
after the opening, on the strength of | better
cables, small receipts and a few buying orders,
there was a short-lived spurt and the. tone was
firm. But later selling orders developed and in
spite of the good Influence of corn . the market
slowly sagged off. There was little of Im
portance In the news. Foreigners were; not in
the market to any extent. Shorts covered at
times on reports of bullish sentiment in the
Southwest and of poor shipments resulting from
the bad weather. When the market turned
quiet short sellers were encouraged and helped
to press prices somewhat. May opened a shade
higher to a shade lower at'79c to 78%c, sold up
to 79H@ 7 'JUc and closed %c down at 78%@
78%c. • •. . ' ' . i .>-. ..
The strength in oats developed on the corn
bulge, on a good cash, demand,, which has
been steadily developing, and on covering bv
shorts. May closed firm. %c higher, at 44%c
. Provisions opened with a show - of strength '
influenced by a good hog market, the grain
strength and a fair show of buying orders. Of
ferings were not heavy, but prices, lost after
the early, advance. There were narrow fluctu
ations on selling influences and the close was
easy, 5c lower all around.. - - •
. The leading . futures ranged as follows : . .'.'
. CHICAGO, Jan. 30. — A buoyant corn pit was
the dominant factor In the grain markets to
day. A strong cash situation has been grad
ually developing on the strength of the cold
weather and to-day stimulated speculation to
activity. Altogether this cereal was the
strongest and most active on the board. The
situation in the West and Southwest was the
principal factor. Kansas City reported a clear
ing out of its surplus. and an improvement in
the demand. Nebraska was not' offering I free
ly. • In general outsiders were bullish. • Shorts
here covered and commission houses put In
good buying orders. 'A good support developed
and from an opening a shade lower to \\c
higher at C2%@63c, May advanced until at one
time It sold at 63%. At such prices, however,
profit-taking was popular and most of- the
gain was lost. At the close May was firm,- U
@%c higher, at O3@G3%c. .,
FLOUR— California .'« Family Extras, $3 50@
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3.40@3 50;
. CORN — Chicago was slightly, higher, with a
well-developed bull movement, ry. Buying," how
ever,- was ; purely professional, .: and private
wires ¦ from Chicago to ' this : city , said, that un
less public buying .follows, : the*: advance will
not go much further. 1 : Traders heretofore sell
ers predict 70c per bushel before April 1.: .--;;
•..This market continues' firm ¦ but quiet,' with
moderate offerings. .- .- ¦ ¦ ,. . • ¦¦¦ . ..
Large . yellow, > $1 87%@1 45; ' small round
do, $1 50: white, $1 30@l 40 per ctl. ' .•
RYE— Firm at 85@00c per ctl.' ¦ : ¦-"; '
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
. ¦ : ' Flour and'Millstuffs. '-'.
• OATS — The. feeling at Chicago is . firmer, and
traders who have lately been sellers are pre
dicting a - price of 50c . per bushel before
April 1. , , ' '
• This market la firm at Wednesday's advance,"
with a fair amount of trading.- ¦••.••.-; : ¦
Grays, $1 22%@1 oO; whites, $1 25@1 42%;
Surprise," $1 40@l 45; black, $1-12%@1 22%
for feed and $1 22%@1 32% for • seed; red.
$1 27%@1 37% per . ctl formfeed and $1 35@
1 42% l'or seed. • , : . - - -, . ' ,
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May — 2000
ctls, 83%c; 16,000, 83%c;' 2000, 83%c; 4000,
84c .... • . ' '
• Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, . 84c. ¦
' Regular Morning Session — May— -2000, ctls,
84%c; 2000, 84%c; 24,000, 84%c. .
• Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctle, 84c; .4000,
84 %c; 2000, 84%c. ; ',. . . * . : .. •
CALL BOARD SALES
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 14,000
ctls, $1 08%. :¦ • ¦'¦-.--
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, ?1 08%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 1000 ctls,
$1 08%., . - - '
Afternoon Session — May — 14,000 ctls, $1 08%;
22.000, $1 0S%. December — 4000, $1 09%.
BARLEY — The market , continued firm, with
some sales of feed at 90c. Futures, however,
were weaker on indications of rain. •
. Feed, 90c for choice bright, 87%@8894c for
No. 1 and 85c for off grades; -brewing and
shipping grades, 92%@95c; Chevalier, $l@lr 20
per cental.
Chicago opened firm with moderate activity.
The situation in coarse grains* was better, re
ceipts being lighter and the cash demand, more
active. . .: Wheat seemed to have no independ
ence and followed ' corn. Realizing developed
a lack of support, in all markets, and a bet
ter cash demand and a, better class of buying
will ,be ne«!ssary to • sustain values. The
farmers in the Southwest are not selling. New
York reported a disappointing export- business.
The Cincinnati Price Current says that winter
wheat now has a snow covering, and that Its
condition on the whole is fair to good,
• In this market . futures . were lower. Spot
quotations . remained unchanged. >.
Spot wheat— Shipping, $1 07%; milling, $1 10
@1 12% per ctl. *
j WHEAT — The foreign , markets showed no
changes worthy of note. . ' '. ¦
Wheat and Other Grains.
Cal-st us 116% — Pac G Im 4s. 96 100«
o V Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H. 6s. .105
Kd L&P 6s.. — — Pk&O R 6s. .117 120
Fer&C. H 6s. 120 — Pwl-st R 0s.ll9>-£
Geary-st 5s.. — — 5ac EGR 5s. 9oU —
H C&S 5V4s. — — 5F & SJV5s.l22y*123
¦Do 5s — Sierra Cal 6s. — —
L Ang R r.s.120^ — 5P of Ar 6s
LA Light Cs. — — (19010 l\\%
Do Etd 6s. — \ — (1010) 112%
Do gtd 5s.l03%104% 5 P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. — lOIJa (1905)Sr A.IO8V4 —
Dolcm5s.l01 103 (1905)Sr B.1C9J4 —
Mkt-st C 63.125 — (1906> 111%
Do lem 5s. 121% — (1912) ....121
N II C 6s...— 112 3 P Cal 1st
Do Is 122 — c *ntd Ga. — '
N C 5s.lOS — Do stmpd..H0« —
N tal R 5s.ll2%113' / 5 l 3 P BrCalCs.137 — .
Oak Gas 5s. 114 — B V Wat 6s. 113^1 —
Oak Trn 6s. 121% — Do 4s 103-.—
Do 1st c5s.lO9VillO}4 Do 4s 3dm. 10114101%
Oak W e 5s. — 103 5fkn Gas €s.102% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73% 74 Vi I Port Costal. 63% 66
Uarln Co.... 59 Isprlng Val.. 85 —
• GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. 2% — Pac Light... 44H"
Eqt G L Co. 3 — Sac E G&RC 20 85
Mutual . — ' 4% S F G & E. 4051 41 .
O G L & H. 51% — pan Fran.... 51? 5*5
Pac Gas Imp S5 37%lstktn G & E. 8 —•
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — ¦ 275 /
BANKS.
A.nglo-Cal ... — . SI L P & A....1C5 im
California -.417 420 Mer Ex (llq) 18U __
Cal Safe Dp.114% — S F Nationl.137% —
First Natnl.. 320 -350 I -•' n ~ .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1925 — Sav & Lo an . _ M
Humboldt r • • — — Security Sav.305 35X
Mutual Sav. 66 — ..Union Trust. — 22OO
S F Sav U..512%' — ' . .
( , :>. STREET RAILROADS.
California ..160 172% Market ..... 8 9% eo%
Geary — W) Presidio .... 45"
POWDER. .
Giant ...... 76% 7 U( jJjf om ••••• S% 4^
Hana ......'• 2% — Kilauea ..... 9% _
Hawaiian . ..38% 45 .Makaweli .. 26% _
Honokaa "..'." 11*4 12%- OnOmea ..... 23 25t;
Hutchlnson . 14% 15 ... uu i,«?
. • . MISCELLANEOUS. • -
Alaska Pack.160%161 " . Pac A F A. au
Cal Fruit As 07 98tt Pac CBor.,165
Cal Wine. As 1*6% 98%|Par Paint... 16 _*
Oceanic S Co 35 — I .; \
¦ ¦ . Morning Session. \
Board —
10 Alaska. Packers' Association.... 160 21
15 Contra. Costa Water ....; 74. tin
20 Hutchinson S P Co .. : .[\'.l {1 50
100 Onomea Sugar Co . 05 r,n
45 S F Gas & Electric Co. 1 ..;.. * In ™
' 50 S F Gas & Electric Co.:;..;... "407%
$0000. S P Cal 1st con. 5 per cent, s io!!lio 60
Afternoon Session. '
Board — ? -<Si*y»8*M*'^att
50 Alaska Packers* Association. .. ...160 80
25 Honokaa Co :......'...;... 11 25
100. Honokaa Co n 50
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. • Bid.Ask.
is ar coup.. Ill 113 is qr c (new)lR9« —
4s qr rcg 111%112H ?s ar coup.. 109 -i.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co — '— ibceanic 5s.. 101 102U
Bay CPC 5s. 109 110 lOmbus C fis.131 —
THURSDAY, Jan. 30—2:30 p. m.
STOCK ANA BOND EXCHANGE.
The Hongkong Maru took out a treasure list
of $168,730, consisting of $2230 In Mexican
dollars and $1C6,5CO in silver bullion. ,
The only change in quotations Is a decline
in silver.
Sterling Exchange, CO days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight '. . — 4 88
Sterling Cables .. ./. .~. .' 4 89
New York Exchange, sight .. ¦ — 12ia
New York Exchange, telegraphic — "15
Silver, per. ounce '— 55^
Mexican Dollars, nominal...... 45 @ 40 ;j
Exchange and Bullion.
PEARS— Winter kinds, 75c@$2 50 per box
: CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c@$l*25
for standards, $1 50@l 75 for choice and $20
2 50 for fancy; Seedlings, 30@75c; Tangerines
§1 75@2; Mediterranean Sweets, 75c4j/$l 25;
Lemons, G0c@$l for common and ?l@l 50 for
good to choice and $1 75@2 26 for fancy;
Grape Fruit. $1@2; Mexican , Limes. $6@t> 50;
Bananas, $2 25@2 75 per bunch for New Or
leans and $1 25(02 for Hawaiian; Pineapples
$3<&4 per dozen. '
APPLES — $1 5O@2 per box for extra, 76c
<gl 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for or
dinary.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
The Citrus market continues dull and de
pressed, although receipts,, are light. The cold
weather operates against the sale of the fruit.
Two cars will ¦, be auctioned to-day. .The Po
mona brought . Sown 82S boxes apples from
Humboldt and stocks of all grade3 are plenti
ful. One car of New Orleans Bananas came
in and sold at an advance.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LONDON, Jan. 30. — Consols. 94 9-16c; Silver,
25 7-16d; French rentes. lOOf 22^c; wheat car
cargoes on passage, steadier; No. 1 Standard
California, 3ls; Walla Walla.; 29s 3d; English
country markets,' dull. '
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 30.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, firmer; weather in England,
frost. : .. 1 , . ¦
COTTON— Uplands. 4' 17-32d.
Foreign Markets.
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature
£0; minimum. oS; mean 44.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 22-1 4: Washington 24-1S
Cincinnati 22-18 Omaha 14- 6
Philadelphia 22-lb Duiuth 16- 2
New York 20-14'Chicago 20-18
Kansas City. 10- 8 St. Louis 20-1S
Jacksonville 54.50 Salt Lake City... 18- 2
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 30.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Blue stem, 04c; club, «3c.
PORTLAND, Jan. 30— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 64®tioc: blue stem, OCc. '
The total shipments of wheat from this port
for the week ending to-day . were 395,070
bushels.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
• NEW YORK, Jan. 30. — The evaporated ap
ple market remains practically unchanged from
yesterday. Low grades are a trifle easier. The
better grades are in fair demand and steady.
State, common to good, 7@8%c; prime; 9@
9%c; choice. 9%@10c; fancy, ;10i4@llc.
A steady feeling is noted in nearly all Cali
fornia dried fruits, with a good jobbing de
mand. Prices are unchanged.
PRUNES— 3%@6%c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark 0%
@12^c. '
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 7&@
9VjC
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW .YORK. Jan. . 30.— FLOUR— Receipts,
98S2 barrels; exports, 5900 barrels; steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 950 bushels; exports,
134,li99 bushels; spot, easy; No. 2 red, -85}4e
f.- o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 90c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 8594c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, 87%c f. o. b. afloat. Irregu
larity developed in wheat to-day on a quiet
trade. It opened steadier with cables and on
foreign buying, yielding to realizing; rallied
on corn strength, but in the. last hour weak
ened again through Southwest selling and poor
export demand, closing easy at %c net de
cline. March closed 81%c; May, S:J 15-16©,
84%c. closed 84c; July. 83%@84M!C, closed
83Tfcc.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@12c. Futures
closed finally steady In tone with prices net
6@15 points higher. Total sales. 55,750 bags,
including: February. 5.45c; March, 5.45@5.55c;
April, 5.65c; May. 5.75@5.80c; July, 5.90c; Sep
tember. 6.05@6.15c; October, 6.15c; December,
C.30@6.40c.
SUGARr-Raw, firm. Fair refining, 3 13-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 3 ll-16c. Molasses sugar,
2 15-16c. Refined - was- steady.
'. . Davis, E. C. Burr and Charles R. Bishop,
board organized by electing S. C. Blgelow
president; Arthur A. Smith, vice president;
Cyrus W. Cannany, : cashier and secretary; E.
Bonnell, assistant cashier; James F. McGauley,
auditor, and Arthur A. 'Smith, Isaac Hyde and
W. E. Davis, finance committee. ' ¦ •
The. annual meeting of the Savings and Loan
Society was held on the. 28th. The old board of
directors was re-elected as follows: S. C. Blge*
low, Isaac Hyde, Horace Davis, Arthur A.
?:mlth, A. N. Drown, George E. Goodman, W.
The Hawaiian Sugar stockholders have au
thorized an Issue of $1,000,000 in forty-year
bonds. Of these $400,000 will be issued for the
present.
The Pacific Coast Borax dividend, regular
monthly, $1 per share, amounting to $19,000.
"was payable January 29. .
The following oil dividends were paid In Jan
uary: Four, $3000; Hanford. $2000; Home,
$7500; Imperial, $20,000; San Joaquin, $5000;
San Joaquin fextra), $5000; Thirty-Three
$10,000; Union, $70,722. . • '
Thirty-Three Oil will pay a dividend of 10
cents and Imperial Oil one of 20 cents on the
6th.
The Piedmont OH assessment of 3% cents
falls delinquent in board on the 14th.
Strength In the sugar, stocks, was the only
feature on the Stock and Bond Exchange, Ono
mea selling up to $25 25, Honokaa to $11 50 and
Makaweli to 526 37',£. Gas and Electric was
firmer at $41. i Otherwise there was nothing
new. The oil stocks continued dull.
The Utah Mining Company has levied an as
sessment of 5 cents.
The Reed, Oil dividend will be paid some
time between the 1st sfnd 10th of February.
EGGS— Ranch, 21c, and occasionally 22c for
selected large and 20c for good to choice; store,
18(S'19c per dozen. . . ¦:.
CHEESE— New, ll@H^c; Old, 10©10%c;
Young America, 12@13c; ¦ Eastern, 13® 15c per
pound.
BUTTER— Creamery, 25<g26c per lb for
fancy, 24c for firsts and 22@23c for seconds;
dairy, 171&@22>&c; store Butter, 14@17c per lb;
Creamery lub, 20c; Pickled Koil. 13®1Uc; Keg.
16@lSc per lb. . , -.
Receipts were 31,o(X>' pounds, •> tubs and if
kegs of Butter. pounds of Eastern Butter,
684 cjftes of Eggs. cases of Eastern Egg'.,
10.S00 pounds of California Cheese, pounds
of Orteon Cheese and x pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
Eggs continue firm, and some dealers are
quoting 22c. A .very fair demand for shipment
to the North is helping the market considera
bly. Receipts yesterday showed a marked rail
ing off. Slocks are now very moderate.
Most dealers report a firm and well cleaned
up market for Butter, with a decided Im
provement in the demand for dairies and lower
grade good3. Cheese remains weak undf'r large
supplies. ¦• ; • - r
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
John Center, George S.. William H. and
Grace M. Crim. George S. Crim (as trustee
under will of Samuel Crim, deceased, for Sam
uel' M. and William H. Crim Jr.) to Claua
Spreckels, entire P: N. block 18; also lot on NE
corner of Harrison and Nineteenth streets. N
275. E 124:3. S 275. E 124:3: $10.
Isadore and Nora Lindeman to John Win-
Strom, lot on N line of B street. 82:6 E of
Twentieth avenue. E 25 by N 100; $10.
¦ Edward H. and Mary Commina to Joseph A.
and Louise V. Landrevllle. lot 73, block 6 Flint
Tract; $10.
The Cuneo and Costa Corripariy (corporation)
to Maria Lovett. lot on S line of Costa street.
125 E of Brewster avenue, E 25 by S 70. lot
1737. Gift Map 8; $10.
- Loula E. Fuchs to Hamilton Miller, lots 6
and 7. block C. Park Lane Tract; $10.
Charles Klein to Georsjlanna A. Cowden. lot
on S line of Green street. 165 W of Buchanan.
W 27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Kate Murray (single) to J. H. Boardman.
lot. on E line of FUlmore street, 27:6 N of
Eddy, N 82:6 by E 100: $10.
Samuet L. and Maybelle Naphtaly to Caro
line D. Moore (wife of George A.), lot on N
line of Broadway. 52:0 W of Stelner street. W
62:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Thomas H. Brady to Marraretha M. Brady
lot on NE corner of Ellis and Broderick streets.
E 137:6. N 137:6. W 25. S 25. W 112:6. 3
112:6; also lot on SE corner, of Sutter and De
vi sadero streets. S 100 by E 57; also Jot on
SW corner of Geary and Collins streets W 5O
by.S 125, block C. Juniper Homestead; also lot
or. SE corner 'of Central avenue and Post
street. S 115 :IY* by E 100: also lot on E Iln*
of -Devisadero street. 82:6 S of Geary. S 27:0
by-E 100; gift.
Margaretha M. Brady to James J. Bradv.
same aa above described, excepting lot on SE
corner of Central avenue and Post street f $10.
A. B. McCreery to W. F. Ambrose, lot on
W line of Baker street. 62:6 S of Golden Gate
avenue. S 25 by W 96:10%; $10. .
W.' F. and- Carrie L. Ambrose to Mary Jane
Taylor, same: $10. ..¦•-¦¦-
Batrd Estate (corporation) to Hugh Keenan.
lot on NE corner of Halght street and Masonic
avenue. E 118:9. N 137:6, W 25. N 12:6, W
03:0 S 150; $10.
J. A." McMillen to Ella J. McMlllen. undi
vided one-half of lot on S line of Twenty
seventh street, 100 W of Guerrero. W 25 by 3
Frank and Annte • Curran and Mary Ryan
(Curran) to Annie Curran, lot on W line of
Dolores street. 1O> N of Navy (Twenty-sixth),
N.25 by W-100; gift.
Annie . M. Curran (widow) to Mary ' Ryan'
(wife of Joseph B.). Annie G. Curran (single)
and Edward S. Curran. . same; ' gift.
Mary^M. or Mary -J.. and Susan C. Martin
, to . J. E. . Adams. . undivided B2-108 of lot en
; f B i°S! r .°« Kearn y and Bush streets, S 23:1
• Robert and Martha V. Syer to L. H. Sly. lot
on S line of Turk street. 137:6 W of Hyde. W
45:10 by* S 137:6; $10.
John MAnahan to Delia Monahan (wlfe>. lot
on NW line of Bryant street. 113:9 NE of
Third. NE.28:9 by NW 1B5; gift.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco, E. '
S. Heller (trustees estate of Moses Heller). Eva
H. Kohn (wife of George A.) (Heller), Carrie
H. Fleishman (Heller) (wife of Isldor), Samuel
A.. Clarence I*, and E. S. Heller to Robert L.
Coleman. lot on SW corner of Turk and Jones
streets. VT 137:ftby S 137:6: $10.
Robert I*. ; and Alice S. Coleman to Union j
Trust Company, lot on N line of Post street, i
162:6 E of Powell. E 25 by N 137:8: SlO '
James J. and Catherine T. Donovan to James
J. Donovan and Peter J. Curtis (co-partners as
Curtis & Donovan), lot on E line of ?Alabama
street.* 140 S of Twenty-sixth, S 40 by E 100;
$10. . **
Claua and Anna C. Spreckels, George S.,
William H. and Grace M. Crim. George S.
Crim (as trustees under will of Samuel Crim.
deceased, for Samuel M. Crim and William H.
Crim Jr.. minors) to John Center, lot on NW
corner of Seventeenth and Harrison streets, N
87. W 80:2. 'S 90:7, E 105:4%; also entire P. N.
block 27; also lot on N line of Seventeenth
street. 331 E of Folsom, NE 65:0%. NW 27.
E 62 SW 90:7%, W 61:6*4; $10.
SaxtM to Peter H. and Selma Hanson, lot on
E line of De Long avenue (Lucy). 325 S of
Waller, S 25 by B 80; $10.
Alfred and Katha W. Olson to Anton E. and
Lottie Malde, lot on E line of De Long avenue
(Lucy), 300 S of Waller street. S 23 by E 80:
*io. _'
Bridget Leonard (widow) to Bridget M. M?-
Dermott, lot on S line of Post street, 123 E of
Central avenue, E 20 by S 64; $10.
Frank J. Sullivan to Herman Murphy, lot
on N line of McAllister street. 112:6 W ct
Broderick. W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Herman Murphy to City and County of San
Francisco, same; $3250.
Allen H. Piper et al. vs. Ella Coll et al. (by
G. H. Umbsen, referee) to William S. Wren,
lot on W line of Larkin street, 30 N of Fern/
avenue. N 27:6 by W 112:6; $4200.
Henry L. and Omira B. Dodgd to Charles
Schlesslnger. lot on NE corner of Clay street
and Van Ness avenue. E 100 by N 77:8%; $10.
Charles Schlesslnger to Louisa Greenewald,
same; $10.
¦ Kate T. Norton (single) to Josephine Norton,
undivided 1-20 of following: Lot on S line of
Clay street, 93:9 E of Pierce. E 25 by S
127:4%; also lot on S line of Pino street 110
E of Octavia, E 65 by S 120; also "lot on SH
corner of O'Farrell and Broderick stre'et?, E
137:6 by 3.137:6; also lot on W line of; tfToridn
street. 234 N of Twenty-first, N 28 by W IOO;
also lot on S line of California street. 81:3 W
of Buchanan, W 50 by S 137:6; $10.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption shows: - Available
cash balances, $176,779,867; gold, $89,507,970.
Condition of 'the Treasury.
Con New York 01 —Silver Hill.... 60 62
Crown Point. 05 06lSt Louis 05 07
Eureka Con.. IS — Standard .... — 3 BO
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate . ... 08 07
Gould & Cur. 05 06 Union Con.... 09 10
Hale & Norc. 26 23 Utah 01 03
Julia — 04 TeUow Jacket 06 0T
Andes — 01 LadyWash... 01 —
Belcher 07 08 Mexican SI 33
Best & Belch. 13 14 Occidental ... 07 09
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 83 84
Caledonia .... 24 26 Overman .... 09 10
Challenge Con 10 12 Potosi 11 12
Chollar 10 ' 12 Savag* 04 05
Confidence ... 61 64 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 15 1 20 Seg Belcher.. 02 04
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nev... 15 If.
Alpha... — 04 Justice 14 IS
Alta 06 OS Kentuck 01 02
THURSDAY. Jan. 80—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask.1 . Bid. Ask.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FOR THURSDAY, JANUARY 30.
Flour, qr sks 15.60J Onions, sks 100
Wheat, ctls 10,fM0 Hay, tons 374
Barley, ctls 5,870 Straw, tons 14
Corn, ctls....;.. 1,755 Sugar, ctls 1,153
Rye, ctls 260 Tallow, ctls 32«
Hops, bales 72 Wine, gals 77,600
Beans, sks 0S0 Brandy, gals.... 4 R00
Potatoes, sk3... 2.1C0: Pelts, bdls fO7
Shorts, sks ¦ SojKides, No 226
Feed. sks......'. 12 Chicory, bbls.... 40
•Bran, sks 4,055 Lime, bbls 192
Middlings, sks.. 84« Leather, rolls... 90
Wool, sks 50 Quicksilver, flks 120
Flaxseed, sks... 33
. . \ OREGON.
Flour, qr sks — S.02S' Middlings, sks.. 1,018
Potatoes, sk3.... IIS1W00I, bales 6
Bran, sks 3,000 Feed, sks., 266
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30. — Money on rail was
easy at 2H<§2%. per cent; closed bid and asked
at 2V4@2% per cent; prime mercantile paper,
4J/5 per cent. Sterling exchange was firmer,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87@
4 87% for demand and at $4 84V»«?l 81%. for
sixty days; posted rates. ?4 85@4 8S; com
mercial bills, $4 83%@4 84%. Bar silver,
K5&c. Mexican dollars,' 4414c. Bonds — Gov
ernments, firmer; States, steady; railroads,
irrerular.
Nczv York Money Market.
GAME — Doves, ' per dozen, $1; Hare, $125;
Rabbits, ?1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard,. $2@3; Canvasback,- $2@3 50; Sprig,
$1 5O@1 75; Teal, $1<&1 60; Widgeon, $1; Small
Ducks, $1; Black Jack, $1; English Snipe,
$2 50; Jack Snipe. $1 50; . Gray Geese, $3;
White Geese, $1@1 25; Brant, $1 50*S2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50. ¦ '
Receipts of Game were light, as • the - closed
season for Ducks commences Saturday and
most hunters have quit shipping. Ninety-five
sacks came in and sold at previous prices.
POULTRY— Dressed Tarkeys. 16@lSc; Live
Turkeys, KI@14c lor Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, -$1 50@l 75; Goslings,
??(g2 25; Ducks, ?5(S?5 CO for oia and $6@7 for
young; Hens. fi@5; young ¦ Roosters, $4 50@
0; old Roosters, $4®4 50; Fryers. $4@5; Broil
ers, S4Q5 for large and §3@4 for small; Pigeons,
$1 5C@1 75 per dozen for old and $2 50@2 75
lor Squabs. ~ •
Three cars of Eastern Poultry were placed on
the market yesterday, making 6 thus far this
week. Receipts of local Poultry were -light
and all kinds cleaned up well. Dressed Tur
keys were in ample supply and sold well under
a strong demand for fancy stock.
Poultry and Game.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as ocmnared with those of the same
date last reason and rainfall in the last twenty
lour hours:
<12flth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Jan. 30, 1002 — 5 p. m.
Weather Report.
Mall advices from New York say: "In rai
eins spot quotations on California loose and
seeded are largely nominal pending the fixing
of a new basis by the syndicate. Efforts are
being made by a local interest affiliated with
the packers to purchase seeded on the spot, but
no < late business on this speculative Inquiry is
reported at the moment, buyer and seller being
apart. On jobbing account the movement is in
email lots around quotations.' The interest re
ported to have purchased from the association
a day or so ago is currently believed to be
working solely in the, Interests of the syndicate.
Valencia layer raisins are firmly held on the
quoted basis. In apricots the feeling is firmer
and a fair movement is noted. Peaches on the
epct are in some request and closely controlled
en the coast, total holdings there said not to
exceed 75 carloads. In prunes the spot market
lacks tone, due to small jobbing interest.
Strictly fancy new Santa Clara fruit is held
pretty firmly around quotations, but less desir
able quality offers lower. Coast advices note
a stronger feeling. In dates the market is
firm, with prospects favorable for a further ad
vence on Persian. Figs are in good jobbing re
quest and.show firmness on both bags and lay
ers."
Dried Fruit in New York.
LONDON, Jan! 30. — The offerings at the
wool auction- sales to-day, numbered 15,557
bales, including a good selection of superior
merinos, which were in keen demand for
France. Germany and America. The Ameri
can representaives were free purchasers. Cros&
breds were in active demand, the home and
Continent taking' fine grades and America
greasy. The home buyers also secured several
lots of sllpea anrt Fcoureds.' A quantity of
superior Port Phillip . washed lambs realized
2s lOd. . •
London Wool Sales.
HOGS— Receipts, H200; fxglOc higher. Light
and light mixed, $5 J>0@5 90; medium and
heavy. $6 10tfZ6 50; pigs $:: 80@5.
SHEEP — Receipts, 700; steady.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Jan. 30.— CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 35CO; steady. Natives, $3 M&n SI0; cows
and heifers, ?1 50@5 35; veals. $:i £>0@6 23;
stockers and feeders, $2 50S4 35. ' "
ST. JOSEPH.
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000; sheep, steady to
strong; Iambs, steady to 10c higher. Good to
choice wethers, • $4 30@6 20; fair' to choice
mixed, $.! 75@4 50; Western sheep, fed, $4®
5 45; native lambs, $3@6; Western lambs, $5
@5 00.
CHICAGO,
CHICAGO, Jan. 30. — CATTLE — Receipts,
10,500; Western, steady, slow; closed weak to
lower. Good to prime steers, $6 50@7 25; poor
to medium, $4@6; stockers and feeders, $2 25@
4 50; cows, . $1@5; heifers, $2 50@6 65;
canners". $1®2 50; bulls, ?2 25@4 U5; calves,
$2 B0@7 10; Texas-fed steers, §i@5 35.
HOGS— Receipts .:, tn-day, 2000; to-morrow,
21,000; 5®10c higher. Mixed and butchers*.
$5 90<S6 35; good :.to choice heavy, $0 20@t> 45:
rough heavy. "$5 9o@0 20; light, $5 50@0 10;
bulk. $5 itO@O 25.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW TORK, Jan. 30.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Mining continued to monopolize attention on
the • Stock Exchange to-day and business in
that department was the most active since the
boom began. There were enormous purchases
by the Continent while New York was also a
buyer on a moderate scale. The general tone
continues to be hopeful. Consols touched
94%. The loan of the London County Council
was a success. The public, however. Is shy
of the West Australian loan. American stocks
were neglected until the afternoon, when they
stiffened on New York support. The favorite
Issue was Southern Pacific. Rio Tintos settled
at 45% on the risa in copper to £51% the ton.
London Market.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Jan. 30.— Cotton closed steady,
with prices net 2 points % lower to 2 points
higher. . " •
500 Best & Belch. 13 800 Justice ...... 14
BOO Chollar 11 250 Mexican ..... 3O
100 Con C & V.I 17% 200 Ophir 84
200- Confidence ... 60 800 Potost 12
300 Gould & Cur. 05 200 Silver Hill. ... 60
700 Justice 12 €00 Union Con..., 10
Afternoon Session
- Morning Session.
200 Con Cal & V.I 20 COO Potost 13
900 Con C & V.I 17% 1200 Savage 05
1000 Justice 10 700 Sierra N«r... IT
200 Mexican S3 110O. Silver Hill.... 79
400 Ophlr 85 200 Silver Hill.... 60
Following wer» th« sales In the Paclflo Stock
Exchange yesterday : 'S. \ -: ' '
Afternoon Session./
100 Best A Belch. 14 100 Mexican 82
150 Best & Belch. 13 200 Ophlr 84
100 Caledonia .... 25 200 Pptost 13
650 Con Cal & V.I 20 600 Savagw ...... 05
300 Con N Tork.. 01 1200. Silver Hfll.... 67
2000 Justice 18
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 07 100 Potosi 12
50 Con Cal & V.I 20 500 Sierra Ney--. 17
COO Justlc* 10 100 Silver Hill.... 70
600 Mexican 83 500 Unioa Con.... 11
100 Ophlr 84
Following- wen the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
The London Grocers' Gazette of January 11
eays of the salmon and fruit markets: Salmon
— There is a good inquiry generally and prices
are firmly maintained. The position is looked
upon as satisfactory and a good spring business
is anticipated. In Liverpool there is a very
active inquiry, with a good consumptive de
mand from the country. Fruit — The possibility
cf an increase in the sugar duty has drawn at
tention to California^ fruit and there has been
considerably more doing at firmer prices. Ship
ments of canned fruit and salmon to England
this season were 553.63S cases, against 1,251,
&SS cases last season.
Fruits and Salmon in England.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An
geles, a@5e; String Beans from Los Angeles,
10@15c; Cabbage. 40@50c per ctl; Los Angeles
Tomatoes. ?2 per box and $2 25@2 50 per crate;
Mexican Tomatoes, $2 per box; Dried Peppers,
10@12%c per lb; - .Los Angeles do. 15@17V>c;
Dried Okra. 12%@15c per lb; Carrots, 35@50c
per sack; . Hothouse Cucumbers, $1@1 50 per
dozen for large and 50@75c- for small; Garlic,
l'AQZ'Aei Los Angeles Green Peppers, 20@30c,'
Mexican do. 20@23c; Egg Plant from Los An
geles. *iO<g25c; Summer Squash from Los An
geles, $1 50@I 75; Marrowfat Squash, ?8@10
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $8@10; Mushrooms,
nominal. . :
ONIONS— Oregons, $2@2 25 for the best and
$1 5CQ-1 90 for lower grades; Green Onions, 40
igXOc »er box.
Prices for Onions remain the same" and the
market is firm. There were no ' receipts from
Oregon per steamer yesterday. ' as the cold
weather in that State prevents shipping. .,-¦;.. ¦¦;-?
Receipts of Peas from Los Angeles •'• were
heavy, and the market was weak. Other vege
tables, are in light supply and high. New
Rhubarb sells readily at 10c per lb.
- POTATOES'— $1@1 30 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 Bfxgil 75; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 25igl 65; ¦ Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 40@l 50; River Reds, fl 50@l 60;
Early Rose, for seed, $1 50@l 60; Small Bur
banks, for seed, $1 35@1 45; Sweets, $1 50 for
Merced. I „¦- . ¦ . -
The Potato market is strong and all de
scriptions are firmly held." Receipts have been
light during the week -and dealers are draw-
Ing from stocks in the warehouses. .The Ore
gon steamer is at hand 1 with 2654 sacks.* Seed
Potatoes continue firm at previous prices. One
car of Sweets came; in. ' •¦',:•-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Foreign Imports at this port in 1901 were
$37,382,000. the leading sources being as fol
lows: Japan. $12,034,600; China. $6,296,520;
Great Britain. $2,057,270: France, $1,206,700;
Germany, $1,456,000; Central America. $4,668.
635; British Columbia, $2,415,230; East Indies,
$2,707,900; Australia, $763,860: South America,
$7S8.«i7; Philippine Islands, $396,120.
Foreign Imports.
Afternoon Session.
Board— ,_
. 100 Junction M * «« '
1000 Petroleum Center O>60)... C»
Morning Session.
Board— - -««,
10 Peerless • «WS
10 Peerless (b 90) 8 75
1000 Petroleum Center .••."•• J»
2000 Petroleum Center (b SO) 0«
800 Shamrock *}2
200 Sovereign • •?•* -°
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
U S refunding 2s, I Hocking Val 4%"«. JOSH
reg 108% L & Nash uni .4s.l01Vi
*do coup 108% Mex Central 4s... 82K
do 3s reg....... 10814 do 1st Inc .'. 33%
do coup 109% Minn & St L 4s. .104
do new 4s reg. .139 M K & T 4s 98V4
do coup .......140- do 2dS 84
do old 4s ref.. .111% N T, Cent lsts...l(««
do coup ..111% do gen 3%s 108
do old 5s reg... 106 N J Cent gen 8s.. 187
do coup 107V4 North Pac 4s 105U
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% do 3s .... 74s?
ao ad 4s 34 Norf & W con 4s.*10"«
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 3 04 -Reading gen 4«.. as 2
do3%s 9r.% EtL& IMcon5s.H7%
do conv 4s 10!Hi St L & S F 4s.. D«%
Can South 2ds... 100% St L SW lsts 08%
Cent of Ga 5s lll'i do 2ds .... 78%
do 1st inc .. 79% S A & Ar Pass'Vs'. S9-T?
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7Vi Southern Pac 4«.. 04%
Chli& Alton 3%s. 84% Southern Ry 5s. .110%
CB4Q new 4s.. '96 Tex & Pac lsU 120V4
C M & StP g 4s. .114 Tol St L & W 4s. &'{vi
C & NW con 7s.. 140% Union Pacific 4s..l0lTi
C R I & Pac 4s.. 110 do conv 4s.' 100%
C C C & StL g 4S.103& Wabash lsta 118%
Chi Term 4s... ..89 do 2ds ....;:.. 114V4
Colo & South 4s.. »3VJ '• do'deb B...V. .. 0S«i
D & R G 4s.:.... 102% West Shore 4s 112%
Erie prior lien 4s. »9 Wheel & L, E 4s.. 93%
do gen 4s...... S8«i Wis Cent 4s...... 88%
Ft W & D c lst8.1«I Con Tob 4s....... es s 4
Total sales 483.200 shares,
CLOSING BONDS.
• . Sales. Hi^h. Low. Close.
Atchison 11,600 76% 75% 76'4
Atchison pfd .... 1.700 II7H 9tl% 96%
Bait & Ohio 1.000 103i£ 102% 103Mt
Bait & Ohio pfd .. 9UU
Canadlartj Pacific .. 400 li:i% 113V4 113
Canada. Southern .. KM) SS14 KS\i cS7%
Chesapeake & Ohio. 900 46% 45 % 46%
Ch( & Alton COO ot^, :w b-*v»
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 76 Vi 7(5 7<Hi
Chi lnd & Louis... 200 53 51% 52%
Chi lnd & L pfd..*. 200 76^ 7«U 70
Chi & E Illinois... 400 143 " 14214 141%
Chi & Great-West. 500 2i%- 23 >4 23 V»
Chi&GW'Aprd SUi
Chi & G W B pfd .... 44%
Chi & Northwest.. 1,300 214% 213% 214%
Chi R I & Pac 11,600 160% 157% 159%
Chi Term & Tran.. 100 11% 17% 17%
Chi Term & T pfd. 1.500 33^ 32% 33
C C C & St Louis.. 6,200 93% 99% 99
Colorado Southern.. 14^4
Colo South lFt pfd. 700 61% (il% 61%
Colo South 2d pfd. 800 29 u. 29 , 29 h
Dela & Hudson... 500 173 171% 172
Del Lack & West.. 300 272% 272 271%
Denver & Rio G 42%
Denver & R G pfd. 400 91 »l 91 . 91 \i
Erie 500 38% 38% 39
Erie lst-pfd £00 70% 70% 70%
Erie 2d pfd 1.000 55% 55 B5%
. Great North pfd.:. .... 187
Hocking Valley .. - 500 68% 68% 08%
Hocking Val pfd.. TOO 82% 82% -SHi
Illinois Central . . . 1,300 140% 14« 14OV4
Iowa Central 200 39% 3»U 39%
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 73% 73% 73 Vi
Lake Erie & West. .' C«%
Lake E & W pfd 12S
Louis & Nashville. 1.700 104 103% 103%
Manhattan L 1.700 135% 134% 135
Metropolitan St Ry. 3.500 171 170^4 170U
Mexican Central . . 600 2S) 29 28%
Mexican National.. 8,200 16 15% 15%
Minn & St Louis .. • 100 10C 100 105%
Missouri Pacific ... 8,400 102% 102 102%
Mo K & Texas.... 400 24% 24% 24^
M K & Texas pfd. 1.400 52% 52 52 &
N J Central 190
N Y Central 1,800 162% 161% 161%
Norfolk & West... 100 56 56 56
Norfolk & W pfd. 100 92% 92% 02
Ontario & West... 1,500 33% 33% 33%
Pennsylvania. 3.200 149% 149 149%
Reading 18,000 56 55% 55%
Reading 1st pfd.. 1.300 82 .81% 81%
Reading 2d pfd 3,000 62% 62% 62
Et Louis & S F... 100 62V4 61% 62
St L & S F 1st pfd. 84
St L &S F 2d pfd. 400 75% 75 75%
St Louis S W 25%
St Louis S W pfd. 600 6S% 57% 58%
St Paul 14,900 164% 163 164
St Paul pfd "187
Southern Pacific .. 80.300 61% CO 61%
Southern Railway.. 7,600 33% 33 33%
Southern Ry pfd .. 4,400 95% . 94% 95
Texas & Pacific... 100 38% 38% 3S%
Tol St L & West. 2,000 20% 20 20
Tol StL & W pfd. 13,400 38% 36% 38 Vi
Union Pacific 28,700 102V1 100% 102%
Union Pacific pfd.. 1,700 88% 88% 88%
Wabash 700 22% 22% 22Vi
Wabash pfd 400 42% 42 42%
Wheeling & L E -• ..: 17
WiLBM pfd.. 200 28% 28% 28
Wisconsin Central. 800 20 .19% 19%
Wis Central pfd... 800 40% 40 40
Express Companies —
Adams 195
American 215
United States....... 200 107 106% 100
Wells Fargo 190
- Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 74,300 77 75% ~5%
Am Car & Fdry... 200 29Vi 29Vi 29i|
Am Car & F Dfd.. 100 85% 85% 85%
Am Linseed Oil... 400 21% 20 21-
Am Linseed Oil pfd 200 49% 48 49%
Am Smelt & He!.. 2,30(1 ' 48% 48 47%
Am Smelt & R pfd 300 »7% 97% 97
Anaconda Mm Co. 7.600 34 33% 33%
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 2,500 65 # 65 63 &
Colo Fuel & Iron 86
Consolidated Gas 217
Cont Tobacco pfd. 300 118 117% 117%
Generai Electric... 200 278% 278Vi 278
Glucose Sugar 1.900 61 5OV4 50%
Hocking. Coal 1,100 15V* 15 15
Internatnl Paper... 300 .19% 19^4 19tf
Internl Paper ofd.. 300 75% 75% 75
Internatnl Power.. 900 R8 87% 87
Laclede Gas 100 89% 88% 88%
National Biscuit 44 Vi
National Lead 500 18% 18% J8%
National Salt 30:
National Salt pfd.. 64
North American... 100 90 90 90
Pacific Coast 73-
Pacific Ma-ll 100 . 46*,4 46% 46
People's Gas BOO 101% 101 101
Pressed Steel Car.. 40%
Pressed S Car rafd. 200 84 84 84
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 220 220 220
Republic Steel 100 I6U 16«-J 16*4
Republic Steel pfd. 100 69 14 69 Vi 68%'
Sugar- 35.000 125% 124% 125%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 300 , 63% 60% 6.1
Union Bag & P Co f.... ' .... 13
Union B&P Co pfd . ..... .... 72^4
U S Leather ROO-illH 11% n*k
V S Leather pfd... : 200 ; 80% , K0% 80%
II S Rubber ; BOO 15 14% 14%
U S Rubber pfd ftl
T7 S 'Steel....'...'.. 14.200 " 43V4 43U 4.tU
U S Steel pfd 15.300 B3«, 93 JWU
Western Union.... 400 P1% 01 ' piij
Am Locomotive.... 17,700 3S • 31% 32%
Am Locomotv pfd. M.800 92% 92 92</.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
throughout. The price touched 77 at one time,
which represented an entire recovery of-yes
terday's loss and % in addition. The net gain
on the day is 1%. Sugar was depressed and
at no time sold fully up to last night's level.
This morning's published report indicating lit
tle chance for the reduction of duties on Cuban
sugar affected the stock throughout. The pub
lication of the statement of the United States
Steel Corporation was ignored so far as could
be perceived in the dealings in the stocks of
that concern, which were of insignificant pro
portions. In the railroad list Southern Pacific
was In foremost place with a net advance of
2 points. The activity of this stock was as
sociated in the minds of the traders with the
resumption of active trading of a leading oper
ator after a period of illness. Its strength
helped the other transcontinental 'by sym
pathy. The increased net earnings for De
cember of Union Pacific, following yesterday's
Increases ,by other corn-carriers, was a help
to the Western and Southwestern grangers, as
the effectB of the corn crop shortage were ex
pected to develop not later than December. The
other movements of the day were from < indi
vidual causes. Evansvllle and Terre Haute
rose over 3 points on reports of a merger with
other North and South lines In Ohio and In
diana. The Linseed stocks advanced ! strongly
on reports of higher prices for Linseed Oil.
while the apparent cause for the strength of
the distilling stocks was a reduction in the
price of s-imits. Rock Island rose 3 points on
comparatively light dealings owing to the
small floating supply of the stock. The price
movement generally was very narrow, but
fractional net gains were the rule at the end
of the day. - .
The bond market became somewhat Irregu
lar. Total sales, par value, $3,065,000.
United States 5s coupon advanced % per cent
on the last call.
60 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co .... 9 75
45 Makaweli • 28 3.%
60 Onomea Sugar Co .3 25
135 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 41 00
Street — „ __
4 Oceanic S B Co • 39 75
$14,000 S F & S J Valley bonds.. ....123 00
$1000 S P C 1st c 8 pr ct stamped. ¦ 10.110 62ft
NEW YORK, Jan. 30. — Copper is still the
star feature in the metal trade. Prices were
advanced ; aBout %c and" it' was said that no
considerable . quantity could be obtained for
less than 13c for forward delivery. At the
same time the quoted range to-day was 12%@
12%c for. lake, 12%@12%c for electrolytic and
12^4c for casting. ' The Lo.ndon market was
much higher at one time during the day, the
advance . amounting to £3 17s 6d, but there,
was a reaction of . £1, so that spot closed at
£54 5d and futures at £54 7s 6d. Tin was
about %c higher here, with spot closing at
$23 90@l:4, and London closed with a net gain
of 2s 6d, with spot at £106 15s and futures at
£103 10s.' Lead was quiet, but steady and
unchanged at New York at $4 10, but at Lon
don prices were advanced Is 3d to £10 17s 6d;
Spelter was 2% points lower at $4 25> but Lon
don was unchanged at £17 2s 6d. Iron was
steady but unchanged at New York. Glasgow
closed at 48g lid and Middlesboro closed at
44s 4%d. Pig iron warrants closed at $11@12;
No. "'2 foundry, northern. $16 50@17 50; No. 1
foundry, northern, $16@16 75; No. 1 ioundry.
southern, $16ffil6 50; No. 1 foundry, southern,
soft, $16@16 50. .
New York. Metai Market.
CANNED SALMON— The Eastern demand la
improving and the good .consumptive demand
in England will probably necessitate further
importations. Puget Sound sockeyes are still
plentiful, while a few are obtainable at $1
others are holding ' at $1 10. Alaska reds are
in moderate supply and held at 92%c; pinks
are scarce. -
CANNED VEGETABLES— Are firm and In
demand. Tomatoes. In 2%-lb cans, now range
from $1@$1 10, and a large business has been
done; the association is practically out of the
market: Future tomatoes in the East are un
usually active. Asparagus futures are pretty
well sold up as the result of heavy orders from
the East.
¦Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.05c;
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated, 4.90c; Dry
Granulated,. 4.80c; Confectioners' A. 4.80o:
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C. 4.30c;, Golden C, 4.20c; D. 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; half -barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos,
half -barrels, 5.30c; boxes. 5.55c per lb.
"OIL— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
70c: " pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels,
boiled,'. 74c; raw, 72c; cases,' 5c more; Lucol.
64c for boiled and 62c for raw. In barrels;
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. 90c;
cases, 05c; China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon:
pure Neats foot, in . barrels, 70c; cases. 75c;
Sperm, pure, 65c: Whale OH. natural white.
40@50o per gallon; Fish Oil. barrels, 37%c;
cases, «2%c; Cocoanut Oil. ' barrels, 63%c for
Ceylon and5S%c for Australian.'
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
13 %c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral 20c;
Stan 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c: Eocene,
22c;. deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In
cases, -21 %c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases,
20% c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases and
61c In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, -per lb, in 10O-lb bags:
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c: lo
cal make. %o less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32®35c;, Fleece; Twine, 7%@Sc.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington,. $9; Seattle, $6*50; .Bryant, $6 60;
C063 Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $8 60; Co-operative
Wallsend. js 50; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
-T— :' Welsh. Anthracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $1T in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
General Merchandise.
Beans and' Seeds.
B.eans - continue dull and easy at unchanged
quotations. - . ' , '.
BEANS— Bayos, ?2 40@2 50: Small White.
$3 10@3 25; Large White, $2 75f3; Pea, $3 B0
<§i: Pink. $1 75@2 20; Red, ?2 25@2 60;.Black
eye, ?3 50@3 65: Llmas. $4 40@4 60; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@3 75 Der ctl. "
SEEDS— Trieste. Mustard. $2 85@3;. Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 50: Flax. $2 40@2 75; . Ca
nary, 3i4@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa,, from
Utah. 8%c; Rape, l^fgiiaic: Hemp, 3%c per.lb.
PEAS— Niles, ?1 25@1 65; Green,
$1 25@1 50 per-ctl.
LIVERPOOL.
.Wheat— • : March. May.
Opening .6 1% 6 214
Closing 61% C 2%
„ PARIS. •
Wheat — Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening .....;....' 21 65 22 70
Closing 21 60 22-60
Flour — >
Opening 27 20 .28 35
Closing 27 65 - 28 30
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butt*
market, was firm; creamery. 15®25c; dairj
14©20c. Cheese, firm. 10Vi@ll%c. -Eggi
firm; fresh, 25@26c.
Prices stand the same and there is nothing
new to report. - *
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ¥.-•'} ' „ ..
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6@»c per lb
for Cows. ¦ -- ;
VEAL— Large, 7%@9e; small. 8@10c per lb.
"MUTTON— Wethers. 8@8%c; Ewes. 7%@8c
LAMB— Yearlings, 9@9%c per lb; Spring
Lamb, lie per lb. „ ' ...~
PORK— Live Hogs. fs*m 150 to 250 lbs. 5%@
to; under 150 lbs 6%@5%c; soft Hogs. 5®5%c;
sows. 20 per cent off: boars, 30 per cent off.
and stags, 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations; dressed . Hogs, 7^S%c. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
Shipment of $168,730 in specie to China.
Silver a~ fraction or two weaker. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures weaker.
Oats, Corn -and Rye as before quoted.
Hay in moderate receipt and very firm. .
Fccdstuffs maintain the recent advance. a
Beans and Seeds quiet and unchanged.
Butter and Eggs firm and Cheese weak.
Drkd Fruits firm, both hcre^ and in tlie East. . .
Meat market as before quoted. • •
Three cars of Eastern Poultry came in. i
Season for wild Duck closes to-day.
Cold weather still against the Fruit market. '
Sugar stocks show strength. * ,
Hay was firm at Wednesday's advance, with
a good demand and moderate . receipts. Some
of the large Interior towns are drawing on this
market for supplies, and the situation' is firm
all around.
Feedstuff s continue firm,' but prices are no
higher. • - . .
BRAN— $1S 50@19 50-per ton. :: ,
MIDDLINGS— $20@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $19@19. 50 per
ton; Oilcake. Meal » at the mill, -$27@2S; Job
bing. $28 50O-29: Cocoa nut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal, ?31@32;> Cracked Corn. .'$31 50@32 50;
Mixed Feed; $17@18 50. -
HAT— Wheat, $10@13 50; fancy, iS14; Wheat
and. Oat, ?10@13 50; Oat, $9@11; Alfalfa, $S@
10; Clover. $7@9; Volunteer, , $6@8 50; Stock,
$6@S per ton. -. • -
STRAW — 45@60c per bale.
Hay and; Feedstuff s.
Consols for money.94% .Loulsvl & Nashvl.106%
Consols for ac- Mo, Kans & Tex. 25 V4
count ........94 9-ielMo, K & T pfd... 64
Anaconda 7 In Y Central 165%
Atchison 77%INorf6lk &. Wstrn. 57%;
Atchison pfd 99 1 Nor & Wstrn pfd. 93%
Bait & Ohio 105% Ontario & Wstrn. 34%
Canadian Pac 110 & 5outhrn Ry 34
Ches & Ohio 47 So Ry pfd 97
"hgo G West..... 23 Southern -Pac 61%
Chgo. M & St P. 167% Union/ Pacific. . ..104
Den & R Grande. 47% Union Pacific pfd. 90%
D & R G pf«;... 93% U S Steel..., 44%
Erie 39% |U S Steel pfd.... 95%
Erie 1st pfd, ex |\Vabash 22%
div 71 ,\Vabash pfd 42%
Erie 2d pfd 57% Spanish 4s 77%
Illinois Central.. :141 I
Bar silver, dull, 25 7-lCd per ounce.
Money, 3@3V4 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 3'i per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
3-months' bills is 3@3% per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS,
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— — - ¦ - do prefd 9314
Call loans 3%<g>4% 1 Westingh Com... 87%
Time loans 4@5 Mining-
Bonds— Adventure 22%
Atchison 4s 102 Allouez ..'. 3 U
Gas lsts 83 Amalgamated ...76%
Mex Cent 4s 82 Baltic 38%
N E G & Coke... 55 Bingham .... 22ft
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla. 625
Atchison ; ... "C% Centennial 13%
do prefd 96ft Copper Range ...57%
Boston & Albany. 263 |Dom Coal ....... 6.'!%
Boston & Maine.. 192% 'Franklin 13%
Boston Elevated.. 1C5 Isle Royale .. ... . 21 •%
NY N H & H... 20 'Mohawk ..,.'. 3t?i
Fitchburg pM....144% Old Dominion ... 22%
Tjnion Pacific ....102 Osceola 84%
Mexican Central . . 28% Parrot 31 "
- Miscellaneous — Quincy 136
Am Sugar..: 125% Santa Fe Copper. 3%
• do prefd :117 Tamarack 258
Am Tel & Tel 159 Trimountain . 69
Dom Iron & Steel. 28Vi|Trinny 13W
Gen Electric 277% United States ....15";
Mass Electric 33 Utah ..: 23%
do prefd 92i£ Victoria 5%
NEG&Coke 4*i Wlnona 1%
United Fruit 89 Wolverine ........ 49%
U S Steel 43% . . ¦. . ¦:
Adams Con 20 Little Chief ...... V
Alice 45 Ontario 7 5<
Breece Co Dphlr S<
Brunswick Con... 07 Phoenix 0<
Comstock Tunnel. 05% Potosi .'. 1<
Con Cal & Va 1 2R Savage 0:
Deadwood Terra.. 50 Sierra Nevada.... 1<
Horn Silver H;Q Small Hopes 3!
Iron Sliver «) Standard 3 4E
LeadvIIIe Con.... 05 ¦
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour. ' barrels .23,000 31,000
Wheat, bushels ... 47,000 100,000
Corn, bushels '94,000 , '.94,000
Oats, bushels ............. 79,000 145.0C0
Rye. bushels .............. 6,000 2,000
Barley, 'bushels ..34,000 17,000
salt, $2 75®3 for large and $2 80 for medium.
SI 75@2 for small and 80c for Colts:, Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 Jornw
dium, $1 25 for small and 5Qc for Colts.- Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 33c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or » thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c » large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c. ¦ ...
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Fall. San Joaquin. G@Sc; San Joa
qln Lambs'. 7%@8%c; Middle County. 8@10c
Per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c; do.
fall. 14@i5c per lb. ' ... „
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll®12c J>«t Ybtat
good to choice. Local 'dealers quote 1O31BC
for shipment. *
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks - are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, '$3 per 100. lbs; Rye Flour,- $2 75; Ryo
Meal, $2 BO: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, - $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4:3>4 25: Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
"Wheat. $3 50; . Farina, • S4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $8 S5@8 So;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, ?5; Split Peas,
(5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Oregon. $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3®
3 35 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers, $30
3 36. ¦ .¦.¦.••.-.•...¦-.• ¦;¦•--¦
steady; ; No. 8 spring wheat. - 71@76%c; - No. 2
.red, 83% ©84% c; No.. 2 oats. 45%c; ; No. 3
white,' 45%@47%c; No ¦ 2 rye, 61%c; fair .to
choice malting . barley,' 59@64c ; No. ,1' flaxseed,
$1 68; No.H Northwestern, $1 71; prime tim
othy seed, $6 BO; mess pork, per barrel. $15 i5
@15 85; lard, , tier 100 pounds, ?9 25@9 30:
Bhort-rib sides " (loose), $8 15@8 30; dry* salted
shoulders (boxed), $7 12V4@7 25: • short clear
sides (boxed),. $8 65@8 75; whisky,' basis of
high wines, . $1 31; clover, contract grade,
59 70. ¦¦: -•' / ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
THE COAST RECORD.
8
£ S? 2 3 m "?
s "?* §a <? *s if
3 5aH5 g£ g» -5
station. ft :§:| f§ |£ s
I * ; * - D
Astoria 30.16 38 26 N'E Clear ' 12
Baker 30.12 14 10 NW Pt.Cldy .12
Carson 30.06 42 4 SW Pt.Cldy 00
Eureka 30.20 50 30 KW Pt.Cldy .04
Fresno 30.20 52 24 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff 30.04 30 8 SW Pt.Cldy .10
Pocatello, Id. .30. 12 18 —2 SE Cloudy • T.
Independence .30.04 40 16 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles... 30. 14. 56 36 SW Clear .00
Phoenix 30.14 50 36 B Cloudy .54
Portland 30.20 32 22 NE Cloudy 20
Red Bluff 30.20 48 36 S Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg 30.16 4i 18 N Pt.Cldy .32
Sacramento ..30.20 50 32 SE Cloudy T.
6alt Lake 30.10 20 2 E Cloudy .00
San Francigco.30.20 50 38 SW Cloudy .00
S. I>. Obispo-.30.22 58 28 XV Clear .00
San Diego 30.14 54 36 SW Clear .00
Seattle 30.16 22 S Cloudy .34
Spokane 30.14 .24 14 SW Clear .21
Xah Bay 30.12 40 32 SW Cloudy .26
Walla Walla. .30.26 20 12 S Pt.Cldy .44
Wlnnemucca .30.00 26 — 8 W Snow .02
Tuma 30.16 54 34 SW Clear : .02
Ei
Stat
Eurek:
Ile<l I
fcacrar
San F
t reen<
Indeix
San L,
Los A
San D
St
tlon
;a .
L>Iu:
me:
'ra:
o .
end
)ieg
3*
Iff
::t
:i>
? <
•e!
so
f..
to
. is
Ob
!?s
}..
SCO. .
3e . .
bispc
s
Last
24 hours.
... 0.4(4
. .. 0.00
. . . Trace
. . . ©.00
. . . O.O0
. .. 0.<n)
... O.00
... 0.00
... 0.00
This
Season.
17.07
11. «4
6.0»
7.01
. 2.52
1.39
6.112
4.07
2.3«
Last
Season
30. 01
15.41
11.32
13.01
7.45
5.12
22.15
9.28
3.81
£ S? 2 3 m "?
s "?* §a <? *s if
3 5aH5 g£ g» -5
station. ft :§:| f§ |£ s
I * ; * - D
Astoria 30.16 38 26 N'E Clear ' 12
Baker 30.12 14 10 NW Pt.Cldy .12
Carson 30.06 42 4 SW Pt.Cldy 00
Eureka 30.20 50 30 KW Pt.Cldy .04
Fresno 30.20 52 24 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff 30.04 30 8 SW Pt.Cldy .10
Pocatello, Id. .30. 12 18 —2 SE Cloudy • T.
Independence .30.04 40 16 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles... 30. 14. 56 36 SW Clear .00
Phoenix 30.14 50 36 B Cloudy .54
Portland 30.20 32 22 NE Cloudy 20
Red Bluff 30.20 48 36 S Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg 30.16 4i 18 N Pt.Cldy .32
Sacramento ..30.20 50 32 SE Cloudy T.
6alt Lake 30.10 20 2 E Cloudy .00
San Francigco.30.20 50 38 SW Cloudy .00
S. I>. Obispo-.30.22 58 28 XV Clear .00
San Diego 30.14 54 36 SW Clear .00
Seattle 30.16 22 S Cloudy .34
Spokane 30.14 .24 14 SW Clear .21
Xah Bay 30.12 40 32 SW Cloudy .26
Walla Walla. .30.26 20 12 S Pt.Cldy .44
Wlnnemucca .30.00 26 — 8 W Snow .02
Tuma 30.16 54 34 SW Clear : .02
Ei
Stat
Eurek:
Ile<l I
fcacrar
San F
t reen<
Indeix
San L,
Los A
San D
St
tlon
;a .
L>Iu:
me:
'ra:
o .
end
)ieg
3*
Iff
::t
:i>
? <
•e!
so
f..
to
. is
Ob
!?s
}..
SCO. .
3e . .
bispc
s
Last
24 hours.
... 0.4(4
. .. 0.00
. . . Trace
. . . ©.00
. . . O.O0
. .. 0.<n)
... O.00
... 0.00
... 0.00
This
Season.
17.07
11. «4
6.0»
7.01
. 2.52
1.39
6.112
4.07
2.3«
Last
Season
30. 01
15.41
11.32
13.01
7.45
5.12
22.15
9.28
3.81
AUCTION SALE
THIS DAT, January 31. 1902. at 11 o'clock.
I will sell at auction all the contents of tha
drugstore at 210 Brannan st.. to-wlf. Drugs,
patent medicines, bottles, counter, shelves, etc.
Invitations for bargains. ' McBRIDE & CO..
auctioneers. 765 Market st. .- -;i- '¦
AUCTION SALES
fc* fe £*
Great Sale o! Thoroughbreds
and Trolling Stock.
EIGHTY HEAD OF STALLIONS. MARES.
COLTS AND FILLIES. FROM THE .
SONOMA STOCK FARM.
Notice is hereby given that under authority
of an order of Court, made December 30 1901.
J. B. Walden Jr., administrator of the Estate
of James B. Chase, deceased, will sell at pub-
lic auction . „.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 4. 1902. at 10- A. M..
AT STOCK YARDS.* 1732 MARKET ST..
SAN FRANCISCO.
all the great thoroughbred producing brood
mares, stallions, yearlings, two. three and four
year oid colts and flllles (sisters and brothers to
winners), including* the stallion Dare by Imp.
Darebin. and the mares Marigold. Centella.
Mischief. Catallna Rebecca and many others
all royaly bred In producing lines. A13O 20 nea-1
of well bred trotters.
Catalogues now ready. Stock at yard Friday.
January 31
. W H' HORD Livestock Auctioneer.
1732 Market St.. San Francisco.THE DAY'S DEAD.
The locomotive tender and the. bartender
are both tank fillers. .
BERKELEY, Jan. SO.— The sophomore
class of the University of California
elected officers to-day. I. E. Roadhouse
was chosen president over B. Haxwood
by a vote of 212 to 102. Other officers 'were
elected as follows: First vice president.
D. McGavin; second vice president, Mlsa
S. Sturtevant; secretary, Miss B. Snow;
treasurer, Fletcher Hamilton: auditor. A.
W. Hare; sergeant at arms. W. C. Kerr.
Sophomores Elect Officers.
Mrs. Herculana Valdez, 907% Pacific
street, who was held to answer by Judge
Cabanlss on a charge of administering:
poison to a dog belonging to Samuel
Walters, 905 Pacific street, appeared be
fore Judge Cook yesterday on a writ of
habeas corpus. The matter was submit
ted . on the evidence taken before Judge
Cabaniss and Judge Cook released Mrs.
Valdez on the ground that there was
nothing in the evidence to show that the
dog had swallowed poison.
No Evidence of Poison.
gram's brothers in Sacramento. This re
sulted In a compromise of a suit recent
ly instituted In the Superior Court in re
gard to money on deposit in a bank there.
At the time of Ingram's disappearance
about $45,000 was placed on deposit in the
bank to be used for the wife and children,
but - under certain stipulated conditions.
With the compromise of the suit Ingram
now. enjoys his share of the fortune and
Intends to invest in a business enterprise
in San Francisco. He is. here at present
settling up his affairs and will leave for
San Francisco Saturday.
HOLLISTEB, Jan. 30.— The mysterious
disappearance of 'William Ingram from
Sacramento some months ago was clear
ed here to-day by bis acknowledgment
pf his Identity.
Ingram was a member of the firm ot
Schaw, Ingram & Batcher of Sacramento,
and of which he was the owner of a one
fourth Interest.. Besides his share In the
profits of the business, he was drawing:
a salary of $300 a month. To the public
he seemed as happy as he was prosper
ous, and little- was. known of domestic
troubles that caused him sorrow.
Before his departure from Sacramento
Ingram signed over to his wife his inter
est In the firm and left with but $13). He
confided with no one bis destination. His
strange disappearance and the cause
that led up to it were aired in the papers
at the time. His whereabouts would not
now have been known were it not for
J. A. Wright, a well-known orchaxdist of
this place. Ingram arrived here under the
assumed name of -William Emsley. and in
the role- of a tramp. Shortly after hi*
arrival he secured a job in the hay field,
and though not accustomed to that kind
of labor, made a very good hand.
From the hay field he sought and ob
tained work in an orchard where he con
tinued his manual labor during the fruit
season. While thus employed he got on
intimate terms; with Wright, to whom he
confided his troubles and who immediate
ly opened up a correspondence with In-
mento Explained by News
From Hollister.
Doings of William Ingram, of Sacra-
WORKS IN HAY FIELDS Sgfj
AFTER A DISAPPEARANCE
The young man never forgot the glrL
Ten days ago he was traveling in the
East when he met her and renewed th©
acquaintance. They became engaged, and
as bot h were traveling in the same direc
tion they agreed to at once be married.
They wired ahead to Calgary for a clergy
man to meet the train, and surrounded by
fellow passengers the ceremony was per
formed in the car. They will go direct to
Dawson. \
.hot and the young man was weary. As
the wayfarer pursued hi» journey he cam*
to a house with closed blinds and ample
shade trees, which looked cool and invit
ing 1 . Possessed by an impulse which he
now considers was an inspiration, he un
latched the gate and walked up to the
door. A pretty little girl of 10 years re
sponded to his knock, and with charming
manner and dainty grace brought refresh.
menus to the tired traveler.
Ten years ago 'Woodworth, a young 1 law
student, was on a pedestrian tour in Cape
Breton. The day was sultry, the sun was
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 30.— Charle*
M. "VVoodworth. a prominent lawyer of
Dawson, and his bride arrived here to-day
on their honeymoon trip toward the. north
ern capital. The couple have been mar
ried but a few days, and weaveel about
their wedding in' a Pullman car 13 as
sweet a - little romance as accompanied
any June bride married in a church.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
Reunion on Train Results
in Marriage of the
Lovers.
Dawson Lawyer and His
Bride Figure in Pretty
Romance.
CUPID WAITS
AND TRIUMPHS
9
. : Many a man would probably bean an
gel to-day If . his ¦ physician hadn't given
him. up during his last illness;
It's a million times harder to pretendlto
love ; when , you don't' than . to pretend not
to when you do. _,..<...
Ex-Congressman Charles Sprague.
PROVIDENCE, r R. .1., Jan." 30.—Ex-Con
gressman Charles Sprague 06 Massachu
setts died at a sanitarium here to-day./ .
' We are selling agents .for the "Water
man Ideal,, Fountain^ Peng," $2.50. to- $10
each!-- and^ sole agents forithej "Marshall,",
the best $1 fountain pen in;theworld. San
born-Vail & Co. ,'-741 Market street. ' •
Tne Best Fountain Pens.
Rev. Dr. \ A. B. v ' Miller.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Jan. 30.— Rev. Dr. A.'
B. Miller, : for eleven years president of
"Waynesburg, Pa., College, died to-day of
paralysis. , y: V - r •'^""-
DECATUR, 111., Jan. 30.— Mrs. Sarah A.
Ewing, mother ¦ of the late Charles M.
Ewingr and a relative of Adlai Stevenson
is dead at her. home here/aged 82 years
Mrs. Sarah A^Ewing.
ST. JOSEPH; Mo., Jan. SO^Mrs Me
lissa Emily Saxton, widow of the late
James Saxton and'a cousin of Mrs wn
11am McKinley. died here last : nigh!.' ajed"
H^ ea 7L General debility was the , caluse
Ot 063.-1x1. ' ¦_ . . ¦. ¦ , . . ,
Mrs. Melissa Emily Saxton.
: ST. ; PAUL, Minn., ' Jan. 30.— From ocean
to ocean in ; three: days j is , the time .the
Canadian Pacific . expects to make ' early
in the spring: Equipment for. the new ser
vice .will cost the system . nearly. $1,000,000,
and will -be supplied ' by builders : in the
United States. ' This service will be In ad
dition to, that formerly operated and the
new train will be tri-weekly. The Canad
ian * Pacific ! will , cut twenty-four - ; houre
from the running time, making a seventy
two-hour 4 schedule between Montreal and
Vancouver. ;.. The average running . time
will be 40.3 miles an hour. ' The; train. will
make no local stops, v ; . ¦• =
Railroad Improves Its Service.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 30.-Hon. Charles E.
Pierce, who represented a St. Louis dis
trict In the Fifty-first | and Fifty-sixth
Congresses, ; died this afternoon 'in his
apartments at the Planters' Hotel from
pulmonary trouble. He recently returned
Hon. Charles EL Pierce.
Colonel' Charles H. ; Murphy, the po
tentate of Islam, is - preparing a plan by
which ;the wives ' and lady . relatives of
members of ,: the - California temples will
assist In entertaining the wives and lady
relatives of the visiting Shriners.
- At a meeting of the executive commit
tee of Islam Temple, A. A. O. O. T.-M. S..
that has in hand the arrangement of a
plan for the .entertainment of the Impe
rial Council, which" is "to meet here next
June, and 13,000 or 20,000 nobles who will
accompany them, -it was decided to form
two companies and a battalion of . the
Arab patrol, that are to be a feature of
the procession. - ¦ . ¦¦ , ¦¦ ¦ -. ,
¦>It was announced vthat the officers of
Mecca Temple of : New York i had " made
application for hotel accommodations for
300 during . temple week. '¦ ¦--.. :.
¦ « It „ was • also ¦ stated that Islam " Temple
alone will spend 940,000 In entertaining the
visitors,' not to ¦ mention what the mem
bers of : other temples in the State will
spend. in this city.-
Forty Thousand Dollars in liu
tertaining the Visitors.
Islam Temple -Proposes to Spend
MANT THOUSAND SHBINERS
' WILL BE HEBE NEXT JJFTTE
WASHINGTON, Jan. . 30.— The hearings
on Chinese exclusion were continued to
day before the House Committee on For
eign Affairs. H. R: Fuller, in behalf of
the Brotherhood of Railway Employes,
spoke In favor, of • strict exclusion. He
said the objection to the Chinese. from the
labor standpoint was that they come into
competition with American workmen, the
Chinese having such habits of cheap liv
ing that they work for .• wages which re
spectable American, -workmen could not
afford to take. . . . .
Andrew Furuseth of the Seamen's Union,
San Francisco, gave the extent of Chinese
labor i on the Pacific Coast, . showing that
they- practically:' monopolized the , labor
field in the salmon canning industry: and
were competing with American ¦ labor In
cigarmaking, tailoring, laboring and many
other branches. He said the Chinese
worker, in. these cases accepted wages so
much lower, than the .white men' that the
former secured the work. ;-,„•• . - ?
Furuseth , said the labor organizations
would not be satisfied with any bill which
did not protect American workmen from
Chinese coming : from ; the : Philippines, ; as
well,as from China, ¦
c Maxwell Evarts of New York continued
his : - statement ¦ begun ;¦ several . , days -. ' ago
against"- he; pending bill.; He criticized 1 its
features in detail : and 1 -, said - the '•; measure
showed , that it , was not drawn by an:ex
perienced lawyer. ,He pointed out that the
requirement'^ of •: new .., registry,, certificates
within .; six >, months '. would give : $40,000 - in
fees within six months to the Government
officials issuing the certificates. , v _ .< ;
SALINAS, Jan. 30.— Thomas J. Riordan
ex-County Auditor and ex-County Clerk'
died here this evening. He was 42 years
old. Riordan was hurt one month ago
by a fall from the railroad depot plat
form: ..: He leaves a wife and seven small
children. He- was a member of the Elks
2th« VSSTe-.? 111 * 11^-" of pythlas an *
¦"When.he bought in he was to contrib
ute a . certain amount of money to the
partnership. Instead of putting "up coin
he' secured certain merchandise. His
credit was good and is good now.
'.'The little family disturbance will no
doubt be settled and then he will return
His phonograph business la in good
shape." .
"Greene does not owe more than J1Q0
and there Is no one pressing for the
money. The trouble la not nnancial. It
Is merely a little family disturbance, so
far as I can learn, and it looks to me as
if it would all blow over in a few days.
"I have not seen Greene since Sunday
night, when, 1 understand, he went away
for. a few days. He still owns a half in
terest in this house and there Is nothing
wrong here. ,¦ ... . -
On the street it was rumored tha+
Greene had been compelled to surrender
his interest in. the showhouse because of
financial difficulties. This, his partner,
* red Owens, /strenuously denies. Owens
said: - v ,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 1113 ' Broadway, . Jan." SO. 1 - .
Frank. V. Greene, proprietor of phono
graph parlors on Seventh street and half
owner of. the ..Diets Opera-house Company
now giving vaudeville at Twelfth and
Webster. streets, has dropped from sight.
Greene has been absent from the theater
since Sunday night. - Two stories are told
concerning his departure and present se
clusion. - ¦ ."-
The mystery surrounding the disappear
ance of Ellen Clark, the aged woman who
one Sunday morning in June last dropped
from the sight of the friends with whom
she was shopping, has been solved by Town
Marshal Kerns of Berkeley. . He says the
Mrs. ¦¦¦Ellen Clark "who was committed, to
the State Hospital at Stockton on August
26 last on the strength of his testimony is
the missing woman.
-According to Marshal Kerns statement
his attention was called to Mrs.' Clark by
two young- persons . who \ saw her. acting
queerly in. the Berkeley station % on - the
night of August 25. He took her to the
Receiving 'Hospital, where she was de
tained until the next , : day, when "Judge
Melvin' committed her. to Stockton. ¦
When . examined Mrs. Clark was unable
to give an account of herself. She com
plained of pains In her body and said she
had been walking all night. She could not
say where she lived or who were her rela
tives. '¦¦ To all questions she answered yes
or no. There -was : no evidence of bodily
injury.'. ':¦' ln\\ <¦'•¦¦-'&'¦ ¦" ¦'"¦'.'¦-' •'•'•>•¦ - : < ' -
Where Mrs. £lark spent the time be
tween the day left the home of Mrs.
James 'Frank, on Hubbard street, where
she lived," until she was found in the sta
tion is a mystery. As she was a domestic
she may. have '.filled -^a position. in the in
terim. ¦ ¦-. ' ,¦-"¦¦¦¦ ¦ . ' ,
Mrs. Clark Is being anxiously sought by
her daughter, Mrs. J.: E. Morgan . of . 1020
Howard street; San Francisco, who has
not heard from . her * mother ;. for six
months. ' She owns.a place of property on
Park avenue,' Emeryville, and her daugh
ter says she was possessed of a large sura
of money. ¦ ¦' ' '. ¦ - ¦ -
The records of commitments at the Re
ceiving Hospital bear out Marshal Kerns'
story. 1 /' ..'¦•"•¦¦'. •'¦' '" '- : - -' •"''- ' -' '¦'.'' ;"¦ ' ;" •'
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 30.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Jan. 30.— Licenses to marry
•wore issued to-day to ilanuel Rose J.\.
anged 23, Haywards. and Leonora Borge.
21, Mission San Jose; Francisco D. da
Sllva. 25. San Lorenzo, and Rosa Cabr.il,
20, Haywards; Charles Bowles, 40. aid
Annie Feeley, 20, both of San Francisco;
Andrew Wistrand Jr.. 21. and Jennie EL,
Jensen, 20. both of San Francisco; Zaca
riah Taylor, 46. and Elizabeth Summers,
45 both of Oakland; John Scott, over 21,
arid Rose Cavin. over 18, both of Oakland;
William Ryan, 42. Auburn, and Annie Du
pan. S8, New York.
Acquitted of Burglary.
James Sullivan was tried in ' Judge
Cook's court yesterday on the charge of
burglary. The Jury brought in a verdict
of not gruilty. Sullivan was accused of
breaking Into the grjnstore of the Shreve-
Barber Company. 511 Kearny street, on
the night of December 5 and stealing eev
cral revolvers and other articles.
Theatrical Man. Is Re
ported : as Missing
Since Sunday.
Marshal Kerns Solves
Mystery of Woman's
Disappearance.
OAKLAND, Jan. t SO.— I. JC. Conklin
must answer in the Superior Court to
the charge of bigamy. He was bound
over to-day bv Justice Quinn, with bail
fixed at $2000.
Conklin has made a hard fight to evade
the charge made by Miss Elizabeth Gem
reich that he married her while he had
a wife living in the East. He secured his
release or dismissal three times, but was
as often rearrested on complaint of the
prosecution, which was awaiting the ar
rival of a copy of the certificate to ihe
Eastern marriage.
The admission of this copy in evidence
to-day enabled the prosecution to put the
Oakland dupe on the stand, it being im
possible to longer call her his wife. She
swore that she had been legally, as she
thought, wedded to Conklin, and swore to
receiving a letter. from the prisoner of
fering to square the case by getting a di
vorce from his first wife.
On this showing Conklin was held for
trial.
to Court and Gets It Into
Records.
Second. "Wife Brings Damaging 1 I/etter
C0NKLIN BOUND OVER
ON CHARGE OF' BIGAMY
Miss Ruth Adams of San Francisco. Miss
Gertrude Allen. Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Adams,
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Allen. H. Allen, Wallace
Alexander, Miss Grace Baldwin, Miss Kittle
Bunnell. Miss Brown. Miss Florence Boone,
Miss May Burd*re. Miss Winifred Burdge, Miss
Cordelia Bishop, Miss Mary Barker. Miss
Bailey. .Mr. and Mre. Fred Bixby. . Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Bishop, Mr. and Mrs. Harry
Baker, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Bliss, Mr. and
Mrs. R. W. Bahls, Raymond Baker. B. Bake
well. Walter Bakewell. - Lloyd Baldwin. Eu
gene Beck. Edward Beck. Dan Belden, Ed
ward Bray ton. Taylor Bell. Carl Burnham;
Duane T. BHes Jr.. Walter Bliss and William
Bites. San Francisco: Sterling Burnell. Wyman
Bradbury. Edward Bradbury, Walter Brown,
the Misses Crellin. MIes May Coomn. Miss
Jean Cllft. Miss Katharine Chabot. Miss Mhel
Cotton. Ethel Cooper of San Francisco. Wil
liam Cooper. John Carrlgan and Clarence Car
rlran of Ban FranciBco. WlKKlnton Creed,
Philip Clay. William Kay Crawford, Allen
ChlcKeUns. Harry ChJckering-. Rodfer Chicker
irr Fred Coghill, Edward Coghlll. Stanley Cog
hill. Dr Cooper. Lieut. P. W. Corbusler. Frank
Corbusier. Miss 8u«an de Fremery, Miss M.
R Dean. Miss Agnes Duff. MUs Ruth Dun-.
ham and Miss Elolse Davis of San Francisco,
Gconje-Uavls, William de Fremery; Dr. Harold
Uavis. Hewitt Davenport and Dixwell Dayen
noV San Francisco: Frank Dutton. Wilson
Dibblee, the Misses Fore, Harry Fore. Rodger
Friend. Miss Edith Goodfellow. Miss Mabel
Glenn of San Francisco. Miss Alice Graves,
Miss Emma Greenwood. Miss Gertrude Gould,
11 "s Juliet Garber. Miss Gage. Miss Leslie
Green. Miss Edith Gaskill. Miss Kate Glenn
of San Francisco. Dr. and Mrs. John Grlsalrn.
Mr. and Mrs. George Gross. Mr. and Mrs. O.
Grimes, Mr. and Mrs. H. F. . Gordon. George
Gage, Lawrence Green, McCluer Gregory. . Ar
thur Goodall. William Gorrill, Clay Gpoding of
Ban Francisco. Dr. Percy Gaskill, Miss Mari
etta Havens, the Misses Hawley. Miss Flor
ence Hayden, Miss Florence Hush, Miss Sadie
HaU Miss Grace Holt. Mi*s Jetm Howard^ the
Misses Huntinpton of San Francisco, M. J.
Hawlev B Hammond, John Howard, Harry
Howard Harold Howard. Shirley Houghton.
Whtorie Hall. William Hush, William
Houeh of San Francisco, Carl Hoffman,
?ack* Hoffman. Charles Hubbard. D. Hutchin
eon Barclay Henley of San Francisco. Parker
Hnlt Rea Havens. Harold Havens. E. R. Jack-
S C^f Jones, Mi*» Pearl King. Miss Gene
v??ve Kine of San Francisco, Miss Ethel Kit
tredgf Miss Helen Kline of Ban Francisco.
MIwTm Kent Miss Ada Kenna. • Miss Lucy
Kins Mr and 1 Mrs. Harry Knowles; Joseph
Klne Percy King. Frank King. San Francisco;
Edward KinrT Jesse Knowles, Miss Edith
LJlieacrantz. Mies Onlta Lohse, - Miss Char
tottrSw^Mi" Georgie Lacy. Miss Bernice
Landera Miss Lincoln, Dr. and Mrs. Guy
Ulieacrantz. Mr. and Mrs. Irving Lumborg,
Phlo Lindley. Harry Liliencrantz. Lloyd
Lacv Mips Gladys Merrill of San* Francisco,
MiK« ' R. Moore, Miss Carmen Moore. Miss
Jacqueline Moore, Miss McNear. -Misses Me
FIrath Mies Macdonald. Miss Elsie Marwedel
Misees' McDonald, Mr. and Mrs. Roy Macdon
flld Mr and Mrs. F. E. Magee. Mr. and Mrs.
AndreV Mosley, Earl McBoyle. Duncan Mc-
Duffee. Ralph McCormlck, D. MeLeven. John
H Mee of San Francisco. Paul Miller. Horace
Miller E. B. Marsh of San Francisco.- B.. P.
Miller" Ralph Merrill. Stanley ¦ Moore, John
More Viva Nicholson, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Nichols. Miss Oliver, Miss Ethel Olney, Roland
Oliver Edwin Oliver, Murray Orrick, William
Orrtck. Thomas Olney, William Olney, • Mlsa
Ronhla Pierce of San Francisco, - Miss Hes3
PrlnKle Miss Bessie Palmer. Miss M. E. Pope,
s Pheian, Ralph Phelps. Silas Palmer. Fred
Pratt of San Frandaco, Covineton Pringle,
Charles Pringle. Harry Paddock, Miss. Bessie
Rlley Miss Muriel Ransome of Ban Francisco
Joseph Rosborough. Miss Marlon Smith,' Miss
Ella Sewell Miss Blanch Sharon, Misses Selby,
Miss Edith Simpson of San Francisco, Miks
Ermine Kmlth, Miss Florence -Stone, - Miss
Grace Sanborn, Mr. and Mrs. - Beach Soule,
Walter Stone, Charles Smoot, Ed • Sessions,
OeorKO KeKsions, Harry Sessions, Prentiss Sel
bv Paul Selby, John Sanborn. William San
born Ram Stow, Fred' Stephenson, ' Edwin
Hmp'son. I>r. H. Smyth. Carl Schilling, R.
Schlllinz. Miss Clara Taft. Mr. and Mrs. Mor
tVll Taylor, J. Maxwell Taft, Isaac Upham and
B Uuham of San Francisco. Miss BlU*,.Vaa
The Knowles reception and ball this
evening was one of the brilliant social
events of the season. The spacious rooms
were beautifully decorated with a profu
sion of foliage and ferns, fragrant carna
tions giving an occasional touch of color.
An orchestra of stringed Instruments fur
nished music for dancing. Alice
Knowles and Miss Ruth Knowles were as
sisted in receiving by Mrs. Harry Gordon,
Mrs. Charles Bliss and Mrs. Henry
Adams. Among the guests were:
The prospective groom is a young busi
ness man of Oakland, having been con
nected with the D. Dwyer Marble Works
for several years. The wedding will take
place at St. Francis de Sales Church be
fore the Lenten season begins, after
which the young people will make their
home in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.— The engage
ment is announced of Miss Kath
ryn Tierney of Pittsburg, Pa,, and
Peter J. Mullen of this city. Miss
Tierney is a niece of P. Tierney
of 1616 Linden street and it was while on a
recent visit to her uncle that the young
people met. The bride-to-be Is a winsome
girl of the brunette type and Is highly ac
complished.
Sicklen, Miss Ethel Valentine, Henry Van
Dyke. Jack Valentine, Miss Ray WeUmar.,
Miss Minnie Wilson, Miss Bertha Wllcox.
Miss Louella "Williams, Mr. and Mrs. George
Wheaton, Mr. and Mrs. William Watt, Otto
Wedemeyer. Philip "Wadsworth. William Wag
ner, Raymond Wilson, Miss Young and Mijb
May Yeunff.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 30.— Miss Mary A. Gar
zoll and David F. de Bernardi were united
in wedlock at a pretty marriage solemn
ized Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock in St.
Joseph's Church. The Rev. P. A. Foley,
assisted by the Rev. T. J. O'Connell. offi
ciated. The bride approached the altar
on the arm of her father, who gave her
away. Her dress was of white organdie
over taffeta silk. She wore a tulle veil
and orange blossoms and -carried a bou
quet of Bride roses. Miss . Emma Gar
zoli, sister of the . bride, was maid of
honor. Alfred Monnotti of San Francisco
was the groom's best man. Following the
ceremony at the church a reception and
banquet were held at the residence of the
groom's parents, Mr. and Mrs. D. de Ber
nardi, 2050 San Antonio avenue.
Last evening's bride is a member of
one of the pioneer and wealthy families
of Marln County, her father, B. Garzoli,
being an early settler in that part of the
State. The groom is prominent and pop
ular in this city. He served with the First
California Regiment in the Philippines. In
local athletic affairs he has taken an act
ive part and for one term served as vice
president of the Alameda Boating Club
In business he is connected with the firm
of De Bernardi & Co., San Francisco.-
The father of the bride and the father
of the groom were boyhood playmates in
Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. de Bernard! will spend
their honeymoon in Southern California,
After they return they will reside with
the groom's parents until their own home
on Alameda avenue is completed.
SAMPSON AND CROMWELL
¦ TO GO ON RETIBED LIST
Captains Cooper and Wadleigh. Will
Be Promoted to the Grade of
Bear Admiral.
WASHINGTON, Jan. SO.— The Navy
Department to-day issued an order an
nouncing: that Rear Admirals William T.
Samp.son and P. J. Cromwell will bo
placed on the retired list on the 9th prox
imo, on account of .age. Admiral Samp
son is, now in this city on waiting orders,
his health having compelled his relin
quishment of active duties several months
ago. Admiral Cromwell is in command v pf
the European station. .
These retirements will result in the pro
motion of Captains P. H. Cooper and
George H. Wadleigh to the grade of rear
admiral.
a Rear Admiral John A. Howell. the rank
ing officer in that grado, who is now serv
ing as president of the naval retirinir
board, will retire for age March 16. and
,the vacancy thus created in the list of
rear admirals will be filled by the promo-
U ,??A Captalll A, 81 Crowninshield, chief
of the Bureau of Navigation. As has been
already stated. Admiral Crowninshield
when promoted, will succeed Admiral
Cromwell in command of the European
LABOR OBJECTS
TO ALL CHINESE
STOCKTON, Jan. 80.— About 9:30 to
night a. steady rain commenced falling
and up until a late hour it was coming
down in fair quantities. The atmosphere
is warmer and there are splendid indica
tions of quite a heavy storm. The grow
ing grain was greatly benefited by what
moisture it received up to midnight. ..
Local fruit companies "report -little or
no damage or inconvenience done their
business in California on account of the
cold of the last few days. The extremely
cold -weather in the East, however, has
caused considerable trouble to • the ship
pers. On account of the zero weather in
Chicago and other places it has been im
possible in some cases to move fruit from
the cars, and sales have been interfered
with for this reason. Smail vegetables
were damaged considerably by the frost.
Reports received - at railroad headquar
ters here state that the freeze di& no ma
terial damage, except in the vicinity of
North Ontario, where the tender lemons
suffered to some extent.; The. minimum
temperature in Southern California last
night was 33 degrees above zero.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 80.— Reports from
McKittrick state that over an inch of
snow fell at that place yesterday morn
ing. The storm continued without inter
ruption for twenty-four hours. There are
no signs i of rain. ,
WOODLAND. Jan. 30.— The backbone
ot the cold wave has apparently' been
broken, the blast from the north has sub
sided and the wind is In the south. Now
that the temperature has risen the pre
vailing opinion is that there will : be
heavy rains early in February. Nobody
regards the cold wave as a calamity. It
has been, in fact, a distinct advantage to
orchards and vineyards. The effect has
been to prevent fruit and grape buds
from swelling too soon and to reduce. to
a minimum the danger from spring frosts.
Trees and vines will blossom two or three
weeks later than usual.
The minimum temperature for the last
twenty-four hours was attained just be
fore 5 o'clock this morning, when the
mercury was down to 36 degrees. While
this Is the official temperature as ¦ regis
tered at the "Weather , Bureau, there are
places In Los Angeles in which . the mer
cury, went from 5 to 8 degrees lower.
There was a heavy frost this morning in
all low places in Los Angeles and vicin
ity. Ice formed in some places and soft
grounds in some cases were covered with
a crust of frozen dirt.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 30.— The. cold
weather continues in Los Angeles, but
with the warmth of to-day there promises
to be a break in the frigid wave so un
usual in Southern California and which
has been present for several days. Kill
ing: frosts have been predicted for sev
eral days heretofore and- these predictions
have, proved well founded. The outlook
now is for froBt; but of a? milder form
than that which has been seen every
morning in Los Angeles for almost a
week. The fruit crops are in no danger.
RETIRED QUICKLY
INTO SECLUSION
"I m going- to stay in the Tivoli chorus
until I v become accustomed to the foot
lights, and then I'll try something higher.
I don't think my husband will succeed in
persuading me to go back to the dishes."
Before she married Lewis Lawton.
three years ago, Mrs. Lawton was Miss
Julia Marsh, daughter of a deceased San
Francisco capitalist. Lawton was a volun
teer In the Minnesota regiment during the
Spanish war and met Miss Marsh through
friends. After their marriaga- they came
to live in Alameda, where the younjj Isus
band furnished a beautiful home on Hish
street. Mrs. Lawton entertained and was
entertained a rcexz deal and was fre
quently called upon to play and singr in
public. <._£' ¦ :.<".
Barnaby was here the last time with the
Bostontans he heard" me and said I had a.
larreer before me.- He wanted ,to-" take
me with him then, but I decided at the
last minute not to go. . • • v .
ALAMEDA YOUNG WOMAN
« WHO LEFT HUSBAND FOR
THE STAGE.
Severe Weather in South
Will Not Cause
Damage;
ELLEN CLARK
IS IN ASYLUM
"My husband was good to me—too good
to me. We made a mistake in marrying,
because he Is a homebody - and I nave
always been crazy for excitement. | He
was a stumbling: block for my talents. He
would not! even hear of my playing for
charity concerts or amateur plays in this
city. The bare mention of- the stage witn
me as an aspirant for its honors, turned
him white. It was. against the traditions
of his family that any member of it
should entertain the slightest notion of
becoming an actor. Do you wonder that
I broke the bonds at last?.
' "And why shouldn't I succeed? I'm go
ing to work hard and win a place in the.
esteem of the public. "Why, when Mr.
If Mrs. Lawton is inquired for at the
Tdvoli stage entrance 'the attendants look
blankly, . for she has adopted another
name. '
"I Buppose my husband and friends will
think I am awful." said Mrs. Lawton to
day, ."but I; couldn't help it. When I
think of going back home to cook dinner
and wash the dishes and make the house
hold go I shrink In horror from, it. Now
I am free. I I can do as I please without
the terrible " burden put upon my shoul
'ders of preparing three meals a day. I
wasn't made for such work.
A fashionable hotel, on Sutter street is
now Mrs. Lawton's '. retreat. She goes
daily to the Tivoli every morning to re
hearse for "The Fortune -Teller" that is to
fill the: boards there in a couple of weeks.
She is a young woman of 24, with aquiline
features and golden hair. Her personal
charms, she is vain enough to say, won
her way with the stage manager at the
opera-house. . ,
ALAMEDA, Jan. 30.— Mrs. Julia
Marsh Lawton; formerly of 1342
High street, declares that Bhe left
her "pretty home, to become a
chorus girl at the Tivoli simply
because her husband was an impediment
in the way of her histrionic aspirations.
Home life was too prosy for her, so' she
left him suddenly for the footlights she
has craved and longed for from the day
she was able to walk. ' . -;,
Mre. Lawton's husband, who 's Lewis
Lawton of Shreve's, Sa'n Francisco, came
home one night a week ago to find a note
Instead, of his wife to greet him. The
missive" told him that she was just going
to spend the night in the city with
friends. She wasn't sure how her venture
would turn out, so she made reservations
in case it should fall. She thinks sne has
succeeded now and her husband knows
she's a chorus girl. He has sold out all
tneir pretty things and has become a
boarder somewhere else. . • ¦ .
CROPS ESCAPE
RUIN BY FROST
Although O'Hallon was bleeding freely
from both his nose and mouth, the police
are loth to accept the idea that death
resulted from a loss of blood. They think
that he may iposslbly have met with foot
pads and had his skull fractured. The
name of the conductor who turned the
wounded man over to Officer McTierney
is not known, nor is it known where or
under what circumstances O'Hallon
boarded the Union-street car. Detective
Harry/Reynolds has been detailed to make
an investigation. ...•'¦.
After having taken a - drink O'Hallon
and Maloone boarded the Fillmore-street
car and rode to Geary street, where they
transferred to the Geary-street line.
When they reached Devisadero street
O'Hallon commenced to grow weaker, and
almost immediately upon reaching the
ground he collapsed utterly. He, died a
few minutes later on the, sidewalk.
/At the corner of Polk and Union streets
the conductor of the car turned the man
over .. to Officer 'McTierney, • telling him
that O'Hallon resided, out on Devisadern
street, -i Officer McTierney had. O'Hallon
transferred to outbound Union-street
car and took him: to ; Fillmore street,
Where he was placed in charge of; John
Maloone, who was a personal friend o£
O'Hallon. The Wounded man explained
both to ' the ' officer ' and Maloone that his
injuries were the result of a fall.
.ivas on an inbound Union-street - car,
when he was bleeding profusely from the
mouth j and .nose and from a severe cut
and abrasion over the left eye. ¦ .
John O'Hallon, who was a horseshoer
in the employ of the City Street Improve r
merit; Company, came to his death last
night- under such peculiar circumstances
that the police have undertaken - a ¦ thor
ough investigation. It | is feared • that
, O'Hallon may have fallen a victim to
footpads. He left his home at 13 Garden
avenue, where he resided with his sister,
early last night. The next seen of him
Judge Ogden to-day granted the En
quirer Publishing Company, G. B. Dan
iels and tiie other stockholders ten days'
time in which to plead.
He denies that he is= not In possession of
sufficient wealth to fully pay all his obliga
tions and in addition thereto such damage, it
any, as the plaintiff may have sustained by
reason of any act or omission on his part,
but on the contrary he alleges that he is en
tirely solvent and able to meet and satisfy
on demand any obligation for which he may
be liable.
Dr. Pardee" s attorneys are Mastick,
Van Fleet & Mastick.
Dr. Parde : declares that he has no in
formation ooncerning the charge that
Daniels is paid $500 a month salary, so he
denies that the wages are excessive. He
says he is informed that the Enquirer
has a contract for city printing, but he
does not know anything about the con
tract, so cannot answer the allegations
concerning an alleged combination.
Concerning his nnancial standing Dr.
\ardee says:
"He denies that any act done by ajiy of the
defendants herein with regard to said corpora
tion cr the management or business thereof was
done with his consent or connivance or by
h! s order or direction, or that he had any
cunsection therewith, direct or indirect.
This defendant denies that he has ever been
a. party to or has encaged in any fraudulent
scheme, combination or conspiracy with the de
fendants or either of them for any purpose
whatever or at all and denies that the busl
r.<"!!s of said corporation or the newspaper pub
lished by it has ever been conducted In his
interest or for his benefit or aggrandizement
or political advancement or for his personal
interest.
Denies Connivance.
Collins" allegation of fraud and con
spiracy on the part of Pardee, Dalton and
Daniels is met by the following denial:
accommodation and not otherwise this de
fendant and the said Dalton did indorse the
said note, but this defendant never did, at any
time. nor. as he is informed and believes, did
the defendant Dalton at any time receive any
portion of the consideration of said note or
any portion of said loan, nor was the said note
executed or #aid loan obtained in any wise
lor the benefit of this defendant, cither di
rectly or indirectly, nor. as he is Informed
and believes, for the benefit ot the defendant
Dalton.
Defendant denies that he either individually
or together with the defendant. Dalton. ever
«Jid borrow from the Central Bank of Oakland.
<ir from any corporation or person, the sum
at 555.000 mentioned in said complaint, or any
part therec!" or did cause any note to be ex
ecuted, either by himself or by any person or
persons except as is expressly admitted and
alleged in tlie answer. And in that behalf
thi? defendant allege* the fact to be that the
said defendant Daniels did. on his own be
half, borrow.- the said sum or $55,000 from the
said Centra! Bank of Oakland and did ex
ecute a no;e therefor to 6aid bank and at
the request of the said Daniels and for his
Dr. George C. Pardee. on behalf of him
self and Henry P. Dalton. has joined Is
sues with D. lidward Collins, president of
ihe California Bank.* who s=ued Pardee,
Dalmn. G. B. Daniels and the Enquirer
Publishing Company for an accounting,
making- charges of fraud in the manage
ment of the corporation. In a lengthy
answer to Collins' complaint, which was
illed to-day in the Superior Court, Dr.
Pardee makes specific and general denials
to many of Collins' allegations. The doc
tor denies at the outset that he owns or
controls any interest in the stock of the
Enquirer, or that any of its stock is held
in trust for his benefit. He likewise de
nies, upon information and belief, that
Dalton has any control of title to the
.stock whicli Collins asserts is held for
Dalton and Pardee by G. B. Daniels, the
manager of the Enquirer.
Pardee meets the charge that the di
rectors of the company are acting as the
tools of himself and Dalton with specific
denial.
Concerning the transaction at the Cen
tra! Bank over a loan of S55.OO0, which
Collins claims was made by Dalton and
Pardee to purchase the Enquirer. Dr.
Pardee's answer recites the following: .
Denies He Borrowed. \
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
I ".; "; 111S Broadway. Jan. 30. .
Says He Was Hurt in Fall,
But a Detective Is
Investigating.
Admits That He and Henry
Dalton Indorsed Note
for $55,000.
Badly ;Inj ured and
Soon Dies.
Horseshoer Boards Car
George C. Pardee Makes
Answer to Collins'
Charges.
Pa., Loses Her, Heart to Peter J. Mullen of Oakland
and Before the Lenten Season Begins They Will Be Wed
Miss Kathryn Tierney, a Charming Brunette of Pittsburg,
DENIES HE OWNS
ENQUIRER STOCK
FALLS VICTIM TO CUPID
W H I L E VI 5ITING IN W E5T
O'HALLON'S END
PUZZLES POLICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA LL, . EPID A Y, ; JMUARY ! 31, 1902.
' 'sumes Another Name, Casts 'Her Indulgent .Husband
and Housework Aside and Joins Undraped Tivoli Chorus
I ." nKffi ,- a i utUHH v . .*< - li /it i iTiln ¦ n ¦ 'm I n wi 1 i mi iv 'ibis. n i r ¦ "i ¦' i i i fin iilii ~Sm ml ¦— ¦ I -.',•-- Vl
M|w --¦ ¦ : .¦¦¦¦¦¦ • ' •¦-.-, ¦
Vain of Her Ability to Sing, Mrs. Julia ¦Marsh:. Lawton As-
DAZZLED BY FOOTLIGHTS
SHE ABANDONS HOME
pittsburg belle who will
marry peter j. mullen, an
oakland business man.
c
NABER. ALFS ft BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market st.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GR^AT RESTORATIVE, XJTV1GORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th* Kid-
neys and Bladder. SeUa on its own merits.
Food makes firm flesh and
sound limbs.
Food makes milk agree with
your baby.
Mellin's
Food makes the home modifi-
cation of milk easy.
Mellin's
**ris, M. ESPtC ; New York. E. FOLJdERA * CO.
6OISJ SV ALL UKVGCXSTS
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc. , cured b j
ESPiC'S CIGARETTES.orPOWDER
: uit lignatnre it on erery box of the genutts)
Laxative Bromo-Quiiiine Table** \
th* tvmij Uurt ewe* • ««M'la *¦• «•«¦*
. BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacr
¦D'DTTOTJU'Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
n n I I n n CjCj ers bootblacks. b»t&*
"*' w wimmm^mm^ houses, billiard . table*,
brewers, bookbinders. candy-maXen. caaneri.
dyer*, flourmilla. foundries, laundries. ' p«p**->
haneera. printer*, painters, shoe factories,
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. «to»
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established XSSL Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mall.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAJU
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
SOFTUXSS OF SEAXBKIN-.
2s Rivaled by Human Hair Where
Dandruff Is Eradicated.
Sealskin is admired the world over for
its softness and glossiness; and yet the
human hair is equally as soft and glossy
when healthy; and the radical cause of
all hair trouble is dandruff, which , is
: aused by a pestiferous parasite that saps
'.he vitality of the hair at its root. N'ew-
bro's Herpicide Is the only preparation
that is fatal to the dandruff germ. With-
out dandruff no falling hair, but a luxu-
riant growth of glossy, soft hair is cer-
tain. Scouring the scalp won't cure dan-
aruff. Kill the dandruff germ. Thou-
sands of women owe their beautiful suits
of hair to ICewbro's Herpicide.
/l VI 8 h I u fL&tt&sffl
ADVEHTISEMENTS.THE SAN FR^NjOISCO CALL, 'FBIDAY, JANUARY 31; 1902.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner c* Market and Third streets; op«n
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £-27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
000 Hayes street: open until 8:30 p. m.
f3a McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
"IS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22»il Market street, corner Sixteenth; cp«n
until 9 p. tn.
106 Eleventh 6treet: open until 9 p. m.
]0i>6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
ICorthweet comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. •• . '- .'.::.¦
_-C0 Fillmore ctrt-et; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. . '-~-"^ r *
CALIFORNIA Comma rdery No. 1. K. .*
T.. 8 Post 5t. — Regular assrmbly THr"
THIS (FRIUAY* fCVEKIKO at 7:30 |F_
t'ek-ck. Oic-r of t.he Temple. All HP
fraters cordially invited. By order
of the O-irmnnder.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
LA PARFAITE UNION Lodge No. 17. •
F. tnd A. M.^-Called meeting THIS _f%^
(FRIDAY) _V_NINO at 8 o'clock. jZjK
First degree. i*y order of the W. M. * ***
P. ST. JULLJEN. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodce No. 30, F. and •
A. M.— C_:ied meeting THIS (FRI- J\-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. ELJn
First cefc-rce. By order of the W. M. ' ~^ *
EDWIN _. MEYER. Secretary.
PAST Grands' Association. I. O. _<<»«SSgg-
O. F. — Members will assemble In =yV>2>>S&
parlore of California Hotel, Bush
ft.. THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING . "7/r»~-
ta attend banquet at S o'clock. Secretary will
be In attendance from 7:30 o'clock to Issue
tickets and receive dues.
• W. T. WEBB. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodre No. 123. I. O. O. v._WSi5fa*
F.— Third ceprce THIS (FRI- -_jt_^s_5:
DAT) NIGHT. January 31. 8 ?H533§gF
o'clock. Memorial Hall. Apollo ">//»^
Lodge Decree Team. Visitors cordially In-
vited. W. H. GIBSON. N. G.
\V. V. NORCROSS, Rec. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Council *«o.«_jsBS|__2;__
WO. National 1'nian— The v **£J$2_£r2a*>
funeral of Friend A. \f"-" " "^«tk
VENTON will be held at
reeidence, C2S Haight St.. at 2 p. m. SAT-
URDAY. February 1, under the auspices of
California Council. Members of all councils
Invited. A. H. KINGSFORD. President.
CHAS. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
KAN FKANC1SCO Tent No. IS. K. _^ rrf .
O. T. M.— Review '.HIS (FRIDAY) /fw?V
EVENING at g o'clock. Ficneer*>4_4Wa !
Hall. 24 Fourth rt. _?J$_Jf
H. H. CASTLE. >tejig|r j
Record Keeper. *** l " — i
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet- 1
ing of the lot owners in the Masonic ceme-
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple on
TUESDAY. February 4, iyo_, at 2 o'clock
1>. m.. for the election of four trustees and 1
fcuch business as may legally come before !
- theta. THEO FROLJCH. Secretary. j
NOTICE of Meeting of Stockholders— Office of
the Union Trust Company of Van Franclscd.
Number 2 _-ont£omery street, northeast cor-
ner of Montgomery and Post streets. San j
Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 9th. 1002 — Notice is j
hereby given that pursuant to a resolution
cf the bo_rd cf directors of the Union Trust |
Company of San Francisco, a corporation, j
adopted on the Oth Cay of January. LW2. at I
a meeti-g of said board, duly held at the !
office of said company, in the city and coun- j
tv • of Sas Francisco. State of Cal- }
iforrda. a majority of the members !
of said board being present, a meeting j
of the stockholders of said compary. will be '
held at the office and principal place of busi- !
ness of said corporation, to wit. In the rear j
room on the ground floor of the building on j
th* northeast corner of Montgomery and Pest
**re<»ts. known as No. 2 Montgomery street, j
ic the city und county of S&n Francisco. ¦
State of California, said building being the I
building where the board of directors of said
corporation usually meet, asd said room be-
ing the room in said building where the
stockholders of said corporation usually meet I
on THURSDAY, the 27th day of March.' j
1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.. for the object and {
purpose cf thercr;-cn considering and voting i
_pcn a proposition to increase the capital j
Ftock of said corporation from $L250.0Q0 CO | !
'divided Into 1200 share? of the par value i
«f $1000 00 each share) to f 1.500.000 00 (di- .
«-l«i«"<l Into 1500 shares cf the par value of
fiOOO 00 each share). By order of the board
of «11rectore
UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN j
FRANCISCO. •
<Seal) By I. V. HELLMAX JR.. Secretary, j
ANNUAL meetinp — The regular annual meet- j
Infr cf the stockholders of the Matson Navl- j
ration Company will be held _t the office o£ '
the company. 327 Market st-. !n the city and '
i-oanty of F*n Francisco. State of California, >
THURSDAY, the 13th day of February. 1002. •
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur- I
pose of electing a board cf directors to serve i
for thp ersutag year and for the transaction
of such other business as may oome before '
the roeetlns- GEO. A. DOUGLASS. Sec
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
t><? he!d at the offices of the company. No. j
229 Crocker building, city and county of
Fan Francisco. State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 10th day of February. 1902. at the
hour ef 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
•-IectlnR directors for the ensuing: year, and
the transaction of such other business as
iu_y come before said meeting.
*' a M. RICKEY. Secretary.
Dated January 27. 1902.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regrular annual raeet-
lae of Ike stockholders of The California !
Hcsar Refinery will be held at the office of j
the coir.pany. 227 Market et.. ,gan Fran-
dsco. Ca'... on MONDAY, the third day oi
February. JS02, . at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
ot directors to serve fcr the ensulnc year.
Rnd the transaction of snch other business
as rr.sy come before the meeting-.
CTTAP A. CIBgQX. Secretary.
AGEVTS WAXTED.
MEN wanted; experience not necessary. Call
1C5 Hayes Et.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES c_st; futur» predictwl f^eadings
by mail If desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW..
R- W. KING. atty.. E_iminer buildlne. room
613: all cases; damages, estates, wills mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal -papers drawn; consultation free:
no advar.ee charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty:quick:quiet;
no charge without success; established Hi yrs.
Open evenlngrs byappoinunent:pt!oneJohn3isi
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton!
ADVICE free: divorce: bankruptcy; collections;
attachments: mortgages :bms of sale; partner-
ships: deeds; wills drawn : no fee unless euc-
oc-gf ui ; open *>ve's. J.M.Thurston.S19 Market.
ADVICE frw: no charge unless successful, wi
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market St.. opp. Mason!
L. S. CLARK. Err.raa Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free: no fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES. '
GOOD ftrons [Tactical electric automobile of
local manufacture; must be sold at wice-
at a bargain. Apply to A. E. BROOKE
K1D-.EY. Parrott bldg.
WITH a capital of $5000 an agency for elec-
tric automobiles can be obtained. Address
109 Sansome st.
BOAHDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
LADY with own home would like children to
board; rood care. 3218 Sixteenth st.
UOUK.H NEW ANIi OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; librarieTpurchased
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 134tf.
ULS1.\_SS CUA.VCI-S. ~~~
A — (1000: PARTNER wanted In manufactur-
Ing business to attend office. Call K G
•WILKE. 'MM Kearny gt.,-
A— $750; SALOON «stabl. years; close to Kear-
ny and Bush k«. Call R. G. WILKE, 2ojV
Kearny st.
A— $450; COFFEE saloon and restaurant ou
Fourth et.; rent $25: dally receipts about
S25; owner to leave for Nevada. Call U. G;
%MLKE. 26ij Kearny st.
A— WOO; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 11 v-
lng rooms; best location In the Mission; rare
chance Sec R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny at.
A— 11300; BAKERY on leading business street
In Western Addition; established 12 years;
fine living rooms; most store trade; bakinw
about _& barrel- per day. Call R. G.
, WILKJ-. 26% Kearny et.
A— $600; CHOP and oyster faouee; close t6 four
theaters; a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— {1000; CANDY store on Mission St."; rent
$18; plac* cstabl. years and doing a good pay-
Icg business: value In Bight. Call R G.
WILKE. 2C% Kearny et. ;
A — (1000; HAY. grain, wood and coal yard on
Mleslon et.; rent (40; 'stab. 20 years; other
business compels owner to sacrifice; a" good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $700; RESTAURANT and chop hvUse; kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 per
month: located In and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business fi days' trial eiven.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A — CIGAR stand: fixtures, lease, good will fot
1*00; etock at invoice; location can't be beat
Call II; G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. - , '
A — (800: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years: trat-class paying: 1 located
dos* to Chronicle -building: bargain; call
toan. H. G. WIfrKE. 26% Kearny ct.
f 200— STATIONERY and candy store, cppcilte
•choo!ls<w(?e; value in • stock: established 5
, years: rent $10 to good tenant whh refer-
ences. KJt-DO — CO.. 14 Flood building
BUSINESS -cnAA'CES— -Contlnncd.
JOSEPHSTRAuiC '
850 Market at., cor. Stockton,
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estste Acent. M ,_
Property bought and sold.
Rents collected. -'»."V'_
Loans negotiated.
Legitimate Business
Agent.
Do you want to sell your business or do you
want a partner for legitimate business call on
above address. _^ :
RYAN & FIELD, 035 Market St., room 3, op-
posrte Mason; phone Folsom 3022. ¦-_£_¦
40 Baloons $225 to $5000
50 restaurants and delicacies... $100 to $6000
SO cigar stands .....$160 to $3000
60 candy, not(on, delicacy, branch bakery,
etc.; 5 partnerships from $100 to $1500
HEALY _ CARR. phone James 2771.
6 Eddy st.. rooms 18 and 19. ¦'
HoteU, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above. •; -
$1600 — GROCERY and bar In Mission: estab.
20 yrs.: a bargain. MILES. 927 Mkt., r. 20S.
$1800 — SALOON and building downtown: busy
part of city; $25 to $30 dally; rent $40; flx-
tures Al. SJILES & CO.. 927 Market, r. 20S.
$400— A SACRIFICE: restaurant worth $1000;
receipts guaranteed over $21; ' trial given.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
$250 — PARTNER in fine saloon; grand- loca-
tion; positive safe, reliable investment; don't
miss it. Business Board Trade. 326 Pine st.
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $0
-ails'. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 4C2 Parrott bldg.
SIXTH-ST. saloon: owner must sell to-day.
Make offer to H. C. DECKER; 1020 Market.
HERE'S an opportunity — Leading grocery and
hardware store in Point Richmond for sale at
* invoice; if you want a good business right in-
vestigate. Box 3332, Call office.
FOR sale — Butcher shop: muet sell right away
as am going East: snap for some one. 460
Eighth st.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER, ICl Market st.
$1200— FIRST-CLASS delicatessen Ftore; full
Investigation allowed. Bex 3322." Call.
CONFECTIONERY business; must be sold at
once: reasonable rent. 7C2 Larkin bt.
FOR sale — Old established grocery and saloon.
. IS Eighth st.. corner Natoma.
FOR sale — Cigar stand; transfer corner: rea-
sonable. Inquire XE. corner Folsom and Mh.
GOOD payins business; low rent; good reason
for selling. _9t> Sixth ft., bet. 9-12 a. m.
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised: average monthly profits over Si' per
cent: explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO..
Expert Handicappers. 11_ Stockton st.
FOR sale — Machine shop and foundry in min-
ing district; well established; capacity needs
increasing; good reason for selling. Ad-
dress box 3307. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced man with $5000 to take
half interest in a creamery and milk dis-
tributing btzsiness; established 12 years; prin-
cipals only. Box 239S, Call office.
NEWLY equipped sanitarium; central: bargain
for physician if sold at once. T. J. MAY, S
Flood blfig. .- >jv
TO lease for a term of years, 'suitable location
' for barber shop: heart of business district.
Box 3339. Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale, only $300; worth $500;
sickness; come investigate; no agents. 1446
Market et. ; :
SMALL transient house; will take part cash.
Box 3313. Call.
5600 — FOR eale; the Palace Restaurant, Val-
lejo, CaL : great chance. P.O. box 275. Vallejc.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received ct Call -ranch ofar-. 220u FlUmorg.
A' BRANCH office far Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia gt. '
LOUGIXG-HOl'SES FOR SALE. /
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE.
.- '...Call on US
.Any house sold on payments .-;.
'.Call and Get Our _nre List
We have houses in all parts of city
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms $.100
63 rooms; corner; clears $400 3500
17 rooms; clears $75; only 250
19 rooms; rent 54U; clears $60 450
10 rooms; swell; bargain 800
1.1 rooms: very good; rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.; phone John 631.
906 Market St.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
A^ Near th- Call buildings.
• Telephone Black 1-8-O-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 713 Market St.. nns. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office AH for sale on easy terms. Please call.
A 10-ROOM house south of Market for sale,
cheap: $100 down and $10 per month.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Mrkt, nr. Call bldg.
75 ROOMS; Stockton; clears $1000 mo. — cheap.
SO rooms; nr. Hyde; cost $3G00..../....$2S00
¦ Elegant flat; Jones St.: 9 rooms 1200
21 rooms; on Eddy: housekeeping; good. 1400
7 rooms; on O'Farrell: trade for lota.. 200
3*5 rooms: on California: clears over 550. 1C00
2 small flats; cheap rent; close in $14O-$1UO.
2 lovely 6-room flats; elecant: cheap.
These are bargains; we advertise nothing else.
FISHER. 035 Market et., j_L Folsom 1592.
DONA-D INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st (Inc.)... .Phone Davis 2S1.
Reliable 'dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances . and real estate.
. We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market Et. and S Stockton ft.
Rooms 21-22-23; phone Bush 322.
If you have betels, roomlng-houees or busi-
ness to pell, list with us. Flats from 4 to 9
rooms for $215 to $1400: Jodging-houses from
5 to 10S for $225 to $12,000; boarding-houses
from 8 to SS rooms for ?S50 to $9000.
McDANIEL. SKIRM & CO.. ~~~
%>9:i Slarket. room 4 and 4A.
IS rooms, Kddy et., rent ?SO Pries $1150
23 rooms, Taylor st., rent $100. ...Price $1203
40 rooms. Powell, trans.. bargain.Price $3500
12 rooms, Mason, moneys-maker..: Price $300
24 rooms. Mason st.. rent $S0 Price $1200
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ~ ~ -- —
17 rooms, cheap rent, must sell ....... S575
30 rooms, rent only 5T5. near Powell £t..l4OO
53 rooms, corner, modern building, snap. . »50
20 rooms, rent $80. reduced to ...1S0O
;; :¦ WINSTON & WOLF. 3020 Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
RYAN _ FIELD, 035 Market, room 3, opposite
Mason, phone Folrom 302- — Fire places on
Van Ness. Golden Gate. etc. ; plenty, cheap,
south Market: houses all sizes; good list of
—ater front houses; 500 houses; big list;
large places.
McBRIDE & CO., 7C5 Market st. — BarBainp In
lodging-houses, for e?al? from S300 to $6000;
rail and see our- list before buying and we
can satisfy you; 1? you want to sell, list
* with us and we make quick sale.
J3S00— 5fi ROOMS;- corner house: all rented,
j For tale only by BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$1600 — 3S ROOMS en one floor: all rented. Fcr
sale only by BASILE. .". Eddy st. r
BUYERS, if you want a lodging-house that
; WILL PAY, or if you want to borrow
--.MONEY at IV- per cent, call on M. E.
« RIVES, 916 Market St.. rm. 09; tel. Main 128.
A — NOTICE — We have- rooming-houses. all
.¦ sizes and prices. -In all parts of .the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL _ CO.. 1203 Market.
A — BUYERS or sellers. ' we can suit you. H.
C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.: phone Mint
796; over 20 years In this business. .,
FOR sale — 8 rooms nicely furnished; will clear
$20 per month; price $300 Inquire 131 Third.
ROOMING-HOUSK for sale. $225: must' be
sold: cause, death: J7 rooms. 2S 1 >i Clay st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 10 paces, sent to any address in {he
trnited States or Canada one ypar for $1.
CARPET HEATING AM) CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor -work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carnet-beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Teharoa st.'-. tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatlnsr" Works— Cleaning"
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st. : tel. Capp2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cIeanlnR- Co.. 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
. reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126. ¦
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th et.; tel. Mission . 74. ,.:¦<*
;¦ : COLLECTION" " OFFICES. .
COLUMBIAN Law and CoHec"tlon" Agency^Cth
floor. 1 916 Market Bt. ; a_vlce free. Tel. Bush
,194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE- W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310,' 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO -J LET. .
A— COZY. 5 rooms, bath; nice yar<S;~~30""mln^
> utes' ride, from city. A. M. SPECK & CO
. C67 Market tt. ¦ . '
COTTAGES TO LET— FURNISHED.
SACRIFICE— New furniture : in cottage, 7
B rooms and bath; elegantly furnished; hot and
.* cold water; large yard; low .rent; lovely
' home; less than half original cost; Geary tt.,
near Octavio. Inquire room 72. St. Ana's
bldg., 6 Eddy at.
SPIRITUALISM. \- ; = .
BROCKWAY will discontinue the~seancer^un-
day, Tuesday and Thursday nights on the ac-
count of the special readings that he is giv-
ing; all ; who present his ad in 'clairvoyant
. column, this paper and date,'-. will receive a
.private reading at 25c. . 1052; Ellis .st.,' bet.
Franklin and Gough. . . • ; '
THOMAS PAYNE memorial services ' to-night
by Dr. York, Mrs Seal: spirit messages by
Mme. Young. 605 McAllister St.; 10c; fine
muFic.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing- medium; spirits speak face to- face;-seanoa
Tues., Frl., Sun., 8 p. m. ; 50c. 10S4 Bush Bt;
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,' trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
. letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; E11J3 car.
A— PROF, GEE, 108 Sixth st. ; readings daily,
50c and $1: circle every night, 10c.
ATTEND SWAN'S cplritual test meeting to-
nlght, admission 10c. at 123S Howard st. a
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; sealed let-
ters ana., 10c; bus. readings, 50c, $1. 132 Oth.
' ETHEL CRINDLE— Materlallzlnpr~f>*anee Frl-
1 day evening, 8 o'clock. 50c. . 325 EjHs st.
MRS.VALEEN.medium and palmist, will guide
you right; 50c. 1533 Market St.. near 12th.
EDWARD SA RLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily":
phone Polk 1601; seanco Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mr?. C. J.
Meyer; Fittings daily: test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— 25C, 25C, 25C.
PROFv. BROCKWAY,
. 1052 Ellis St., bet. Franklin and Gough,
Offers for a short time only Readings at the
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
his office and residence between the hours
of 10 a. m. and, S p.' m. daily. Sunday 10
a. m. to 3 p. m.
SCIENTIFIC AND EXPERT LIFE
READER.
Readings which, for DETAIL, exactness.
truth. Interest manifested In each individual
j case, sound ¦ advice and counsel, are • not
• . equaled in this city at any figure. PROF.
1 BROCKWAY tells you what you want to
I know, eliminating ail uninteresting features.
; and hot tiring . you with matters entirely
• irrelevant to the case in hand,, as has been
'¦ th? case In readings you have hati in the
past.
PROF. BROCKWAY reads your PAST.
PRESENT and FUTURE.
25c. 25c. 25c. .,
__________ _______ __ _
; And Prospects for 1902 by Consulting
: -i-.~ SIR HENRY PRICHARD,
I CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. .
j Advice on business, speculation, all love and
| domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
I unites the separated, tells whom you will
! marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
,' love, how to overcome all enemies; gives 'fuli
j secret how to control or Influence any one
: you love or meet; no charge unless you find
him superior to all others. Hours, 10 to 7
dally; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms, 13.
14, first floor, 1104— MARKET ST.— 1104.
; Corner Turk, nearly opjiosite Zlnkand's.
{ MME. M. BERNARD.
i THE FAMOUS
! Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
: located at 17 Third st.. nest Examiner bldg.
• She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
! description of the past, reveals the present hap-
I penings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic.
j love or business troubles, consult this great me- .
¦ dium and you -will be told how to overcome
j them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 20c
¦ up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4363.
I MRS. DR. F. CLAKKE. the well-known trance
• meclum, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
; ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
= anteed by mail; send ftamp for pamphlet
j with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
i ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
j palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op-
! posite Sixth: private readings daily, 10 a. m.
I to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. tnu
I MME. BISHOP.
' Clairvoyant and Trance Medium,
j Readings daily. £0c and up.'
1 807 Van Ness. Phone Larkin 2746.
A-4-MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; read's your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. LAVOX. wonderful fortune teller; truth
| or no pay; 50c, $1. 234 U, Sixth st.
' MRS. BROWN. clalr\»yant. card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; reVdings daily. 132 Sixth.
' KNOW your future: card and palm reading: la-
j dies. 25c; gents. 50c. 2S9 Fell.
¦CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 2_ Minna st., nr. 4th.
; MRS. MALLORY. 017 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c.
! MRS. MELVILL. -well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken: tel. Jessie 1503.,
; COc, 51 — Prof. Weller, clair., palmist, card read-
er; mailorders; stamp, circular. 10C7 : ,2 Mkt.
! MRS. B. Baumann, well-known 'fortune teller.
] has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
: MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
; advice; names given; 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
I DEXTISTS.
' A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market st., Emma
i Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
j . able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50: other fill-
j ings. $1; grold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
i plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
• and guaranteed, $5 up. , .
I ' Painless extraction. ...
K' I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
; EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
j . and fillings; extractions or. fillings by my
j -wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
. experience; no students; advice free;, pricas
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
j ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
I 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
i lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
i crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
I up; office houre. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays
j 9, to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
! A NEW plate — The Whalebone-^-cannot break;
; warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;filllngs,50c;
i plates $5 full set; all work painless and war-
f ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth fct.
i DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 . Geary st. ; ' expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
! PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
_Full get of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, COc.
SET of teeth without plate. DR.' H.~~g!
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. . . '
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815=4 Geary.nr.Lerkin— Paln-
i less ext., 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
j^_ DOG SPECIALIST. /
¦DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY, canine speciailstT
i late of New York City, has Just located at
j OOfl Jones St., where he will. administer to the
! ailments of domesticated animals; office
I hours 10 to 3; telephone Kate 2C85. 3
j DOG HOSPITALS.
: DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap '- by * druggists
; or at the Hospital. 510 .Golden . Gate ave.
i —————' — — — ————— ———_«—— _i ———»_—_—_——_—
f DRESSMAKERS AXD SEA.MSTRESSES
j McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery. School-—
J Cless rates; patterns cut. ; 1019 Market st. .
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM.
PILGEH. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
i EDIICATIOXAL.
HEALD'S^^^Ho7DL~^F~EL^c7mcXL^ENGT
j NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
: * tlon, laOratory and- shop work; thoroughly
\\ practical; day and night. '24 Post St., S. F.;
I catalogue tree. • "N, : • .¦ ', >
A YRES 1 Leading Business College. 723 Market
I . — 18 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
i tees, a complete bus: education : shorthand.
. typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship.
spelling. Spanish, etc. ; experienced, teachers:
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD' S SCHOOL OF MfN_i,~24~POST~iT7.
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
' all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
¦ ¦ engineering; day. and night; catalogue free.:, ¦
| A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
i school for the university." law and medical
| colleges: references, President Jordan or any
i. Stanford professor. Phelan building.
I A— THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-'
j vise their friends to attend theGALLAGHER-
i MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
j following? Life scholarship $50: catalogues'
•ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School,
. associated with theatrical agency securing po-
: Bltions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell. st. .'.¦'
I PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
j 'graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figure 1 *
I TARR. expert accountant. 220 Parrott . bldg".
i MERRILL-MILLER- College— Shorthand, typ-
; ing,- practical bookkeeping. , Rooms 40-45,' Par-
! rott : bldg. ;, individual Instruction; ; catalogue.
! ENGINEERING— Civli7^lTc77rn7nl'n e .mech7surI
i vey. assay, cyanide; day eve.; est. 1864. 'Van
der Nallltn School.113 Fulton;' nr.. City Hall.
! CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
! modein methods;' positions for all graduates-
j new 00-page catalogue free. 805 Larkin st. '
A FULL course of Ellis : bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand ¦ costs only $«0. . ' San Fran-
! Cisco Business College, ; 1236 Market st. ¦ .;
j PIANO and vocal school; thorough and success-
ful instruction;. expert! teachers. 1017 Sutter
j st. C. HOFFMAN,' director. ¦, .- >; ' '
j A — THE : Leo Cooper School of Acting • has re-
J moved to Native Sons' ' Hall; : 414 Mason str.
i ARITHMETIC/ bookkeeping,' grammar/writing
j . etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo.' 1024 Mission. nr/j«th.
! BPANISH,French.eto.Prof.De.FllIppe'sAcademy
I of Languages,320Post;estab'dlS71;ablestprors.
.^^^^JBDU^A^rojf AL-~Con ttn _ed. __ _;
SHORTHAND taught by{ mail or personally.
MISS-M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar." Prof. MERKI, good
-teacher. 1008 Mission ; ; Instruments selected. 1
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman , shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 60c; piano for practice. 30 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.; S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80- page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE~re7Iab7Thouse-cleaning, cooks _
waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. KI-
NOSHITA, 1233 Page, cor.Lyon;tel.FelI 8501.
GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton st., tel. Grant 108, furnishes expert,
reliable heip. . ¦ ' . ¦
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help;, cook and
waiter. ¦ 421 Post. "GEO.-AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
BestJielp." 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 420,
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish "most
reliable help. .524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Of fice— Japanese.Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter:teI. Black 5072.
EMPLO V3IEXT WAXTED— -FEMALE. .
WANTED — Situation by competent woman in
¦Western Addition; sleep home; excellent ref-
erences. 230 Broderick st.
I CAPABLE woman wants work by • day house 1
| ) or window cleaning; references. Address
* box B, Call branch, 300 Hayea st.
LADY pianist wishes engagement. Address 292
Natoma st. : \ .
! A COMPETENT woman with pood references
! , wmius day v.-ork. 230 Broderick st.
• GIRL ¦ wishes situation to do general house-
i work and cookinc 322 Fremont st.
A WOMAN wants ."work by the day or week.
67 Shipley st. .: .
WANTED — Position as saleslady by young
woman who has had experience in all retail
departments. Call cr address MISS SMITH.
' 143:$ Mission Et.
YOUNG schoolgirl wishes a place In a Catholic
family to do light housework; all adults.
447 First st.
YOUNG girl wishes to do second work or
i 'housework; no washing; sleep home. Call
j 211V4 Bartlett st. .
I WANTED— A position as chambermaid; sleep
home. MRS. OVERMAN. 153& Third st.
YOUNG German girl wishes position in bakery;
some experience. Box 3333. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c lo $1 50 per night; $1 60
to ?C week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lv'M
Valencia st. -
E51 PLO YMESi; WANTED — MALE.
SITUATION by a No. 1 general blacksimth for
mountain custom shop; best wages expected:
habits temperate. Address room 663, Win-
chester Hotel, city. .
CARPENTER, good, handy mechanic, wants a
steady job with seme company, hotel or store;
steady man. Box 3343, Call office.
PAINTER, grainer and paperhanger wishes a
job fcr public or private; It won't hurt to in-
vestigate. Address C. J. E.. box 3345. Call.
I YOUNG man, 2-'5, wishes position as Uma-
1 keeper or stock clerk; first-class references.
Bo_ S34K. Call.
YOUNG man, 24, seeks employment: honest
and net afraid of work. Box 334S. Call.
SCOTCHMAN, up-to-date accountant, writes
liuently French, German, Portuguese and
Spanish. C years in South America, seeks po-
sition In office. Address O., box 3321, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants to run errands and
make himself generally useful or any other
' light work; small wegea; has good references.
Box 3-KR>, Call office.'
WANTED — Position as manager or salesman
for company desiring a representative at
Buffalo or Rochester, N. Y. \V. H. HAW-
LEY JR.. Perry Center. N. Y. '
MALE professional nurse; Al references; bt-
longs to K. P. and Red Men; can take care
of any case ] Address JOHN NEWMAN. 3KJ
- - Mission st. . , , . , .
MIDDLE-AGED man. good mechanic on build-
incs, etc., has tools, single, sober and in-
dustrious, wants work - about a country
place .it moderate wages. Box 3334. Call.
YOUNG man of 22 . years, 7 months from
Sweden, with good morals, wants situation;
. will gladly accept any kind of work. Please
call at 300 Fremont st., corner. Harrison.
MAN and wife want work, on ranch or private
_ place preferred: wages reasonable;- expen-
enced. Box 3328. Call office. ¦ .. . .-
YOUNG Scotchman wishes situation; anxious
and willing to work. W. BRUCE, 958 Mission.
FRENCHMAN and wife without children, he
having some experience as night watchman,
desire positions In hotel, lodging-house or
any other business; can read and write Eng-
lish. French and Italian. Box 3422. ' Call.
WANTED — Employment as gardener by Swede
who has followed this occupation in Sweden
. for 12 years and 2 .years in , Cleveland. O. ;
with good recommendations. Address JOHN
HARRISON. 120 Third gt. V
A YOUNGS man desirous of obtaining a position
as assistant bookkeeper, timekeeper or any
tiling In the line of ofice work; best of refer-
'ences. Box 3.J12, Call office. -
-MIDDLE-AGED man wants employment where
work Is not heavy; some experience taking
care of Invalids. Box 3303. Call office.
YOUNG man, German, wants work; anything;
does not speak much English. Please ad-
dress box 3417, Call Office.
JAPANESE, first-class laundry . and ironing,
wants situation, city or couutry. Box 3403,
Call office.
JAPANESE box wants position at /housework
or Dlain cook. . Box .t318. Call office.
JAPANESE wants situation as second cook
or assistant baker in country. Box 3476, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbecrlpUons has been established at llXW
Valencia st. ¦ •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and 'subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220fl Fillmor*.
* FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES ¦ incorporated, promoted, guaran-
' teed and financed;- etock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND . INVESTMENT CO.. U. S. licensed
stock brokers, 320 Post st.
PACIFIC. Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method: of
' placing stocks and bonds; companies' incor-
¦ porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or addressmain office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
THE Inter State Fisheries Company was incor-
porated under the laws of the State of Wash-
ington, -with the main office nt Seattle, for
the purpose of establishing two . canneries,
one In Cholmondeley Sound, Southern Alaska,
and cr.e at Henrys. Island, Puget Sound.
- ' The capital stock of this company la $650,-
000.. divided Into OoO.OOO shares of the par
value 1 of .. $1. each. Thestock is non-assessa-
ble. We arc negotiating * for our ; machinery
and our boats , are already built. -, We.'bavB
placed 300,000 shares of our stock at Seattle
and vicinity. • We have decided to place a
small quantity of the . stock on the market
here In San Francisco at 15c per share. : It
will be worth $1 as soon ' as . the canneries
• are in operation. Some salmon canneries
stock sells now. for $168 per share. 'None lees
than par in any cannery in actual' operation.
Join now -. and get in on the . ground floor.
Call or address ERWIN & CO., room 3. 1101
Market St.. San Francisco. Cal. -
No minlnc — no oil — a straight proposition.
YOU KNOW, there are PLENTY.of salmon In
the Alaskan waters. '.We:know that. we will
• . cat*h and CAN : them ' by July 1. -_ . We ¦¦ know
that we win make a. large profit on-our'In-
'.. vestment. ir You can make some of. it: The:In-
;¦ ter State Fisheries Company stock, now 15?
per ' Bhare, ,non-&ssessable.\ will: be 25c Fcbru-
'. ary 15. 50c March 1 and none for sale April 1.
, " One hundred nn.1 fifty dollars Invested now
.will be worth $1000 before the, season's run
i!> over. ' Fifteen cents per share till February
' 15.. The Inter State Fisheries • Company -of
Seattle. Sse about it. ERWIN & CO.. room
-V: 3, -1104. Market Et.' ¦ •; — -V.;'^
¦',••• On i proven ground. ;_ Everybody ' m knows
that, the 'Alaskan waters are the natural ele-
-,' merits of -the:; salmon. -Salmon larger ¦ than
have-ever been 6een In the southern waters,
' ; finer. than thn famous Columbia River Chinook,
'. ii« the king salmon of Alaska; .We will have at
least one cannery In operation 1 by June 15. 190-.
- ;< No mining— no oil — but fish," and the KINO
- of fish: < is 'What the Inter. State Salmon "Fish-
eries Company proposes to catch. and CAN. s
¦ Do you want to participate: in- Its profits?
You can : buy ; a r few ¦ shares now at V 15c per
share. "You can. turn $15 Into $100 before the
' season's run is over by, investing, In. the Inter
State ¦ Fisheries Company, of Seattle.' :. Two
cannery . sites • In "Alaska. : ' Call and ' investi-
¦ ¦ gate. ¦•¦• ERWIN-_,CO., roomiS. 1 1104 'Market
.-street.. .-,¦.¦ . ?»•..¦_¦• -.:. . ¦•'•'-¦ ¦ ~~ .
'¦•'¦ - A .' safe • Investment : If > you '. buy -Inter State
,, Fisheiles etock at 15c, : It. will 'be-, worth ¦ par
¦., by : July 1. Call or, address branch ¦= office,
ERWIN .! A CO., > Room : 3," 1104 - Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.- Phone Folsom. 442.
_______ _7_ FLATS TO Jl! ET.;_ L ________
MCALLISTER," 1909. inVrear— Sunny upper flat,
¦ S rooms; rent $0 50. j ' : '
HAYWARD, 2, - oft Harrison, near Eighth—
. Sunny upper flat. 4 rooms; rent $10.-,- -
MINNA, : 229 — Upper .flat of. 4 large sunny
-:,-rooras. ; ; .\ -- . -.¦;¦¦. - , '.¦ .,•- ... -.._ c
SHRADER, 1.729, near Waller— Elegant upper
flat, 0 rooms; 4 bay windows; $32 60. __.
3-ROOM flat -and toilet. 0S3 Pine St., near
, . \ ¦ - ¦-
NEW upper, '.modern. 'sunny flat. 5 rooms, bath.
-¦¦ 975 Golden- Gate ave. ; no children.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The. Weekly
Call, 16 pages, ¦ sent " to any ' address ¦ In . the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
. FLATS / : TO ' LET— -FURNISHED.
CALIFORNIA, 1304 — Three large sunny rooms,
complete for, housekeeping; clean and con-
venient; reasonable. .
GROVE. 721% — Upper flat 5 rooms, nicely fur-
nlshed. complete for housekeeping, with plane:
FURNITURE FOR SALE. /
$150; CARPETS, curtains, stove, 1 bedroom
set, ,wlth rent free to- February 21; splendid
. 4-room flat. 776 Geary gt. v.- .- . ¦¦-'-.:,
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-^131 Market.
ELEGANT furniture and fixtures cheap. Ap-
• ply at room 01, Flood building.
FOR Sale — Good furniture, cheap, at lSllft
• Powell st. ; no dealers. . •. ¦ '
FURNlTUnK WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1554.
\ GLOVES. .
D. _ F. BLACK suede giove; best In the wc.id:
warranted: kept in rt-pair.. 1-1 Orant ave.
HEM' SvAXTED— PEMAI.S.
i MRS. M. E. DAY <fc CO. .... .Phone Main Ia75
| .........HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, commercial hotels, $25: IS
waitresses. ' city . and country. $20 and «25:
restaurant walir.-ss. $7 week; 3 chamber-
maids to w_U. $20; chambermaid. v;^_..lia-,
$20 ..
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Scandinavian cook, small family, $30; house-
#girl. Loj G.-tios, $25. choice place: housegirl,
small American family on ranch. $20, fare
l.aid: n»r?e. . 2 < grown children. $25: young
woman f.T walting-rcom. $15 and lncr*ase.
MRS. M E. DAY & CO. 335 Geary St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S5
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
;>0 waitresses, city and country, $20, $25.
fares paid to country places; _ more cham-
bermaids, south. *"20. half, fare paid; fancy
ironers. $30; second girl, private sanitarium.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT . . . .
French second girl. 125; cooks, hcusegirls.
second girls. • nursegirls. city and country:
best cf wages. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ' . . ¦
WANTED — I cooks. $30; 2 Protestant girls for
pantry -work for an institution $20: 4 wait-
resses, $7, $S. restaurant: German nurse and
chambermaid, $20; 2 waitresses and cham-
bermaids, same hotel, country, $20, see party
here at 11 o'clock^2 German nursegirU, $20;
7 second giris, $20, $25; all kinds of house-
work, city and country, ?20, $25. $30. Ab-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
A— WANTED — Giris and women at S. F. Hair-
dressing College to learn hairdresslng trade
thoroughly in 2 weeks: course $5, Including
manicuring, masxage. scalp treatment, bleach-
ing, dyeing, ventilating, weaving, switch and
wig iraking: positions guaranteed each grad-
uate: no fake promises; cur pupils are our liv-
ing advertisement, filling positions in stores all
.over city; 5 positions in leading stores open to
those entering Immediately; girl not knowing
trade in 2 weeks given money back; day & eve.
classes. S. F. COLLEGE. 23.S Geary, r. 13-15.
OPERATORS at Lev! Strauss _ Co.'a Overall
Factory. 32% Fremont St.: no experience nec-
essary; good, pay; steady work. 'Apply to
. MR. DAVIS- w*
¦WANTED — Saleslady, must speak French and
Spanish, for dry and fancy goods store. Ad-
dres3 H. B.. box 3315, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for skirts
and waists: good wages. Address H." F.,
box 3317. Call otl'.ee. .
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter who Is
quick at figures - and writes longhand well.
WIESTER & CO.. 22 Second st.
GERMAN cr SweCIs'i girl for general hou3e-
work and cooking in a small family; wage*
V $-V. 50 Kartlett st. ' ;
YOUNG lady subscription solicitor for The
Raven. Call Saturday. 4 p. m., at room 727,
Emma Spreckels building.
2 GIRLS wanted; one for upstairs work, the
ctlitr for cooklne. 2217 Scott et., near Wash-
ington. - - I
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer: state in own
handwriting experience, references, etc. Box
3344. Call office.
WANTED — Woman cook for institution; wages
$:&. Apply CATTELL'S, 525 Eighth st.
V.\A NTED— First-class millinery maker. Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — FitEt-ciase makers. Apply after
12 at SAHLEIN'S, S7.T Market st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework: small
family. Call mornings at 1440 Buchanan:
WOMAN as housekeeper; family cf 2. Ingle-
slde. -' ¦ .
GIRL for light housework. Apply 103S Bush
ttreet. ¦ *¦>'":¦'-,'•.
TWO assistants, inexperienced preferred. Hoo-
ver University Physical Culture, 1327 Market.
GIRL -wanted for general housework. Apply
J49T: Geary st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl, good cook, good
wages. Call 353 Linden ave., upstairs.
-WAITRESS wanted, wages $1 a day. 657 Clay
street. "
WANTED — Machine operator. H. ANDER-
SON.- costumer, 26 O'Farrell' st., 2d floor.
CUSTOM shirt operators; good wages; steady
employment. M. J. KELLER COMPANY,
¦¦_ 102S and 10-iO Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists:
good pay; steady work. S. F. Mfg. Co..
523 Market St.
WANTED— Experienced DamuWet folders.
BROWN _ POWER CO., 50S Clay. St., cor-
oner Sansome. .*.',->.' • '<¦-';'. ' ¦
WANTED— German or Scandinavian girl for
'¦ general housework and plain cooking In fam--
ily of 2; no wash; .good home. V105 Grove st.
WANTED — Maid for second work and sewing;
competent seamstress: references. ¦• Call be-
tween 0 and 10 a. m.. 1S00 Broadway.
EXPERIENCED talloress on coats;. wages $9-
$12;. steady job. .. Call - ready for work. .112'
—— Kearny : St., * room 7.
WANTED— Girl with some experience to eew
' in tailor shop. 2135 Fillmore St. ; -
WANTED — Lady to travel: experience unnec-
cssary: good proposition. . Box S330. Call.
APPRENTICE In millinery »tore at '692 Mc-
. Alllster gt. ; first-class teaching. .
EXPERIENCED finisher; also - operator on
eoata^ 344 Tehama tt. . '
EXPERIENCED silk \s-aist hands: good pay.
• JUDA BROS.. 32.0 Market st. : . -
A. GERMAN woman as governess; state re-
llglon; salary $30. Box. 2904. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2-00:Fli;mora.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement, and
jubscriptlons'. has been established at lOJtf
Valencia gt. : --,/-,-•;.
HELP WAXTED— -MALE.
MURRAY.:^ READY.. ..... .Phcne. Main 5S4S
. , Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
¦¦-.-¦ U34-G36 Clay - st. ' .
/ ' , ¦ Offlcii open 7 ; a. .m.
5 laborers: for mine. $30 and found; 5 farm-
ers; 3 teamsters; 3 choreboys; 2 Italians for
. fruit farm; 2 pruners; farmer and wife, fruit
farm, $40 and found ;-S slack coopers see
• boss here, . $35 and found ; 2 sash weight
¦/molders, city.
:•• ..WOODCHOPPERS ..„.
............A. Big Job.......:....
125 woodchoppers.; 1. ..;... Virgin timber
' c e^ el gr ° und ••••••••............-.. Big prices
Redwood. .. .................... .80c per cord
,£! ne j ¦••••• $ 1 25 per co rd
Hardwood...'.......... -.....;.$! 50 per cord
Cheap fares. . . ; .. : . . . . r. . . . . ..Ship Saturday
8 woodchofrpers for another job.' stove wood
. '.'tools and grub furn!shed.-$l 80 and $2 cord-
25 tlemakers, .12c>to-lSc each.".. ' '• . - v - - '
... ... LAUNDRY, AND HOTEL' DEPT.
-¦;¦ PoliFher,- .country, steam . laundry, $60; maric-
¦ er and distributer,: country laundry $63-5
. cooks, .?,- waiters, r 3 - short • order .'- cooks 15
¦ kitchen : hands.' - etc., . etc. MURRAY • &
./. HEADY.-- 634-836 Clay >t.- ¦-;''- , ¦ ,
FRUIT : f armer "and - wife.' $40 and found ;~ fruit
- - farmer, '. $25 ; and ". found ; slack ; work coopers
,,$35 and'found; blacksmith. $2 50 day driver
-•for ip|lk'. wagon. '$30 and found;. Scandinavian
"clioieman.-$15 and found; -pond man for mill
•-¦(GO; -setter for. mill, $60 to $75; cooks, wait-
ers, and .others. J.. F. CROSETT _, CO. 6_S
Sncramcnto - st." . -'.-,....¦ : . ..¦.. - • j^
¦A YOUTH ; living at home, to learn the bar
.liU*jj:c>>: •$_."» rt»-N month and increase;; no
. Si'P<lay;-.crk.; ,W..'D.. EWER;_>CO. 610
'.V. Cl:i.v'Et v . •; \ '-" *r.*; A - * - -•--: ¦- ¦¦
BIGGEST bonanza ¦ on, the : market: $10 to $25
/.per week easily earned; no experience neces-
r sary; $1*80 starts you In business; it will pay
you to investigate. 1 ;- New York Novelty < Co..
083 Market St., room 1. . . . .<
WANTED — A temperate young man with
$150 as partner in ¦ old established business
requiring two; pays about $70 per month.
: 7C5 Market St., room 3. -•¦¦• ¦ - ' -
FIRST-CLASS finisher, one who knows ho w to
make gdhd button-holes. Apply ROSEN-
BLUM _? ABRAHAM. 1103 Market st.
WANTED — Outside salesman for cloaks and
." suits; state experience and reference. Ad-
dress box 3340. Call office.
WANTED — Good active young man; one ueed
to handling paper preferred. Union Lltho.
' C<\ . S25 Sanacjne st. ¦
WANTED-Shoe fitters on wax and dry thread.
WENTWORTH & SWITZER SHOE CO..
20 Main st. '-..' • ' ¦ ;
GOOD advertising man for The Raven. Call
' Saturday 3 p. m., room 727, Emma Spreckels
-building. - ' .- I'--:.
WANTED— Dry goods clerk for Sunday to
dress windows for clearance sale. 2004 Mar-
ket st.,-n»ar Haight. . - - ' ¦
BOY wanted. JOE ROSENBERG, 11 O'Far-
rell st. ' . . '
YOUNG man willing to work for hla tuition.
Cal. Business College. 305 Larkin st.
WANTED — Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
617 Montgomery Bt. '
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.,,e24 Market.
STEADY man With $150 cash can make $100
munth. Apjily -09 Kearny St.. room L
3-CHAIR barber shop- for sale; finest location
in city. Call 1344 Turk st. t ¦¦¦ :v-".'-.
AGENT and psddler to sell fine art statuary
work: sood profit. Statuary factory, 5__
Powell st. * ' -.
i CABINETMAKER: a first-class man. THE
j FINK & SCHINDLER CO.. 1309 Market st^
1 WANTED — A first-class brewmaster for the
j country. Box 3314, Call. >
BARBER wants position.' Address R. REESE.
I n 27 _V- Fourth st. J
j A BOY about 15 years of age in wholesale
• house; must furnish refs. Box 3331. Call.
! AGENTS on salary and commission. Manhat-
! tan Stock Food Co.. 1253 Folsom st.
j WANTED— At 030 Market St.. State and U. S.
; volunteer soldiers; bring discharges. HOWE.
: BOY wanted to learn photographic printUlg.
• 737 Sutter st^
. FIRST-CLASS 4-chair barber shop en Ellis st.
j for sale. DECKELMAN BROS., 100 Ellis st.
! WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
j S. navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of good
> character, between tlii ages of 21 and 35: net
j less than 5 feet 4 inches and npt over 6 feet X
inch: able to speak and read\ English. For
' further Information apply at the Recruit_n£
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — A competent, qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern
Oregcn; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory; state salary and where employed. Box
2279. Call office.
WANTED — Soldiers who enlisted in U. S. Vols.
to apply for two months' extra pay. due un-
der a decision of the U. S. Court of Claims.
CHAS. and WM. B. KING.
344 Phelan building.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free: discount this month.
Gordon's Barber- College. Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to knew
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
N runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand: only requires S weeks: tools donated;
icatalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 633 Clay st--
FOR sale — 3-chair barber shop and baths. Box
S411. Call office.
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoe;,
j 60c up: soling 20c up. 9^3 Howard st-. nr. 5th.
j McDONALD & PERRY have 300 second-hand
j shoes for sale. SOc np. 241 Third st. .-.- -..r,.,
! YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
! mailed. S. F. Barb'rjCollege. 741A Howard.
! PENSION atty.. E. A. Bul'.ls. Z. 40. Pheian
j big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. C.A.R.
i SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
j the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-eoled while waiting; 25?
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damasre-l. haif
price. S63 Mission gt.. bgt. 1st and 2d sts.
.WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night: reading rooms;
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertifements and subscriptions
Uj received at Cal! branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j subscriptions has been established at 1C1M
j Valencia st.
HOUSES AXD WACOXS.
i A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Korss
¦ Market. 227 Sixth St.: also buggies, wagons.
: harness, etc.: auction 5_les every Wednesday
i at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. t
__ |
AUCTION sale, Monday. Jan. 20; 40 head j
i heavy wagon and livery horses at 11:.M) j
j a. m. Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721 and 723 I
Howard st.
j ______ _ ,
j.FOR Sale — 2 saddle horses: Just from the coun- |
! try: well broke; gentle; good single-footers,
j Address 977 Seventh ave.. East Oakland.
[ SANTA, ROSA sale and stock yard: horses,
I . harness and buggies bought and sold-' 1400
• Market st.. cor. -Eleventh. Phone South 8t>4. !
; BUGGY, used 3 months, cheap. 3-1 Phelan •
j , building. . • ' »' j
J A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business j
j and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
! AN A No. 1 express wagon, single -."also light j
I camping -wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission. i
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at HEI- ;
. NEMAN'S, 109 Sansome st.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, lti pases, sent to any address In the
United ' States or Canada one year for $1. j
. postage paid. ; j
: I
i IIOUSKS TO LET. I
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. GiH. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY house. 6 rooms and bath: modern im-
' provements. 12_S Green St.; rent $25.
HOUSES TO LET— FUIIMSHED.
SACRAMENTO, 3712— Nicely furnished- sunny
house of S rooms; bath. Call 10 to 12 a. m. j
HOUSES FOK SAliE. j
NEW modern ] house, -7 rooms; sun all day; '
large basement, yard. Portola, off Waller,!
bet. Pierce and Stelner. Inquire C3 Portola.
HYGIENIC HAIIi TK_ATM_.\T.
LA OIKS and gentlemen, this interest— you .
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment '
ty applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 3U,'1UO Post st., Llebes building.
' LOST ASiD;FOUXD.
LOiVT^Jan? 29. at "n! s! G. W.T_aIl." MasoiTrC
: oxydized silver stickpin. Return to iSUG.
FITZGERALD, care White House; receive
nnard. .:-> •> ¦
LOST — Jan. 30, tea and coffee route card: south
cf Market. Return to CAS WELL _ CO., 414
facramento st. : reward. .
LOST — At -Oakland Mole Jan. 25. set of lower
- teeth. Finder will- receive reward for return
ot same to Call Business Office.
LOST— From Van Ness and V California, fox
terrier dos; lett side of face and ear black
. K. \V. JOY. 433 Kearny St.; reward.
FOUND — A stray Great Dane pup. Owner can
find same at 1325 Mission, bet. 5 and 8 p. m.
ON Grant ave. — Ladles' silver watch; R F
on back. Box 3424. Call.") _ . "- " v
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old gold
' and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
LADIES — All who are sick or in trouble call &
¦ consult the specialist; the untortunac* helned-
- relief in all casea taken: the most obstinate
qase3 have been relieved by my medic&i treat-
ment; free confidential advice on ail subjects
of a delicate nature; all classes of terra '«»
I complalntstreated; i©ae« to the longest cases-
I all private diseases in both sex treated blood*
i diseases cured, 10 ° to 30 days. DR f; v-
j O'DONNELL. .1018 Market St.. opp. >mh. *
I MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles 7 specialist :
| 30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
! teed; homo beforehand during confinement-
I Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell near Tavior'
I MRS. KOHL, specialist. - 410 6'Farreli it.
I MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies' physician haa
returned from the East and resumed business?
j experience In obstetric and other cases
j MRS D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician- *5
years' successful '.txperience In S F ' Ma-
¦ : ternlty Home. ' 006 Market St.. . opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIJSSV original
method of treatment: maternity home; horns
I . in confinement. ; 112ft Market st/. S. ; f! J
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— ReHabla ladles'
..'•specialist; » private home before and during
confinement; best medical: care; low fees, t^
DR.* NG TOT KEE.-210 Stockton st.; opposit*
1 • Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MATIIIMOSIA-. ,
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladleVsend 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 70« Elll^
»IATTnESSES AMD PILLOWS.,
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 PoweU
st. ; tel. Bush
MI>ES A> i> 3UXIS<«._ _
I HAVE one of the finest mining layouts In
Nevada County and wish to secure a few
¦ partners or a partner to build a ten-stamp
mill; have 30,000 tons of $8 ore in sight;
¦ own free water right, air compressor and
drill, and have tunnel run 580 feet, with 217
feet drift in solid ore; vein 3% to 6 feet;
thla will bear the closest Investigation. Call
at room 400.. annex to Call building, fourth
floor. San Francisco. I . ¦
Montezuma stock, socn very large dividends.
. 25c share now>> need money. Box 3347, Call.
GEO D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big., 9.
F. : branch of flc<». Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Company, situated la Ne-
vada County. 15 milea north of Auburn: 2
patented claims, 8-stamp quartz mill, ditch
and hoisting works: reasons for selling, non-
. experience of mining by owners; mine opea
for inspection. Further particulars from A.
MEISTER. Sacramento. Cal.
r.IISCELLAr."_OUS FOR SALj_.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Ms-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
DOW steam pump, 5-lnch suction, 4-lnch dis-
charge. Al condition. $125: Knowles triple-
throw plunger pump. 6%xS. almost new,
$250; direct connected engine and dynamo. '
20O lights, all right. $430; lathe. 26-lnch
swing, 12 feet long, engine work. $250:
: smaller lathes cheap. . H. S. WHITE. 016
Mission st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc.. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A — $-i 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters.' 330 Kearny st.. near Pin*.
'FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A — COIN silver flute, Boehm system. $30.
Loan Office. 105 Stockton st,
Wallpaper 3c. worth 10c ; paperhanglng. paint-
Ing. Merlgan, 1302 Webster; teL Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg-y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried ia stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
WANTED — Five square pianos. good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 39« Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery
J. BURKE. ia> Scale st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER.
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento uU
I 1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 0 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission,^ir. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Pott it.
3IISCE_-AXEOPS WA5T3.
WANTED — Second-hand lathe, in good order
with chuck, face plate and tools. Address!
statin? price. JAMES McCLATCHY CO..
CO., Sacramento, CaL
WANTED — Second-hand piano cheap for cash.
Box 3327. Call office.
FOR delicacy store, counter, scales, showcases.
gaa stove, cooking uten.. range. Box 3320. Call.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skin-. Address at once, box 12C5. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-band clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.; teL Jessie 235-.
aiO^KV TO LOA.\.
HERMAN MURPI_Y7^oT__S_Uae7"b_liding!
$4,500,000 at lov/eat rates
on first and second mortgages
Life intere«t3 in estates
Property being held ia trust ....
.... Undivided interests in real estate
..Life Insurance po!icies. estates In probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
if You Need Money
SEE HEftMAN MURPHY. CUt Examiner hl«. ,r. .
AA-MAKHATTAX LOAN CO. (Inc.).
S.';C0.(,w at 5% & 6 per cent ia aunxa to suit; v.>
City. OoJtlana. Town, and Country property ;
second morteases, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. ilAN-
H ATT AN LOAM CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT C PER CENtT
; First, second and third mortgages .-
j Undivided* interest in real estate in probate. .
I Mortgages and legacies bcught; no delay
: Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
1/ R. McCOLGAN
j 24 Montgomery st.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
»ec-ond and third mortsraces. eat— vtsa In pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
i ANI amount.- iowest rate, on furniture.' piano
or household goods, without removal ; confi-
dential. OR11SBY. 26 Montgomery St.. op-
I^osite Lick House., k
j MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant *ve.. near
¦ Geary St.; shone Red 1C03.
! HIGHLY resoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, SW
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third.
A RELIABLE corporation, established in lilST;
; proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
i Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
OfSc*. !) Orant av.. nr. Mkt.: tel. Black M71.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party: no removal; no commission: eonflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal: any amount*
lowest rates. BECKER. 027 Market, room 613.
ON furniture, p'anos: no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
| asre: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
— — — —————————————————————————— _ __ ¦ *x.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
j HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal- no
comml.3. Confidential. Whitehead.1710 Market.
ONE per ceat on furniture; $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. S02 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. CC9 E_ imlner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $13 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1700. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
$10 UP on furniture, planes: no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
O.^ salaries. N. Y. plan: indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
° N l o^ Iai - es _. w A t . hout lnd °-«-:- other proposi-
tlons. S. F. Dlacount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS monev on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MOSEY WAXTED.
"WANTED — $1100 on chattel mortgage- security ¦»_
ample; Interest ten per cent: will deal onlv
with principals. Address X. box 3325. Call.
.^j^iH^il IXSTR C31E~TS.
ALL makes: rent $2 up. cr edl ted _¦ " purcha_^S"
installments $3 up; old pianos bouSnt and
exchanged: bargains $25 up in Steinwav
Heine. Chickertng. etc. ; v agehts warned for
Krell. Heine. Hallet & Davis and^C othe?
makes; we give full cash discount if you can
pay $25 down and $10 a month- some new
Pjanos a for $137. HEINE PIANO CCX. 217
SOHMER & CO. Pianos. ~~ " .
BYRON MAUZY Pianos
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.'
. SPE1LMANN Pianos • .
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS. 7™?'
BYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Post St.
$175 $1S5 OR $200 will pay for a most excel-
Ient piano if you come for it right away W*
have ethers for less or more money, and you
can make payments If you desire Decker '
Wissner. Steger . or Singer pianos in aii
21112 * 0 MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 'up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
qSS 08 ™ 1 ?" 11 .*,*!^ up " BENJ. CURTAZ _
' f°2' 1 ?, to ? ) ° barren. Chlckering. Mason
& Hamlln. \ose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular 1
- price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano \
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'tfarrell
St.; established 1S-O. /
OUR planes, the leading makers; price $100 nn-
S'ff* 1 -.** 111 * 9 best >n the city. PIERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY ¦ Market. 14th and Church.A plan Is -being perfected to establish
a seamen's clubhouse, for ; the enlisted
men and marines of 1 the" United States
navy at Vallejo, near the navy yard. The
Naval Academy Graduates' Association
on : the : ; Pacific •• Coast . has been . asked to
take preliminary steps to . further I this en
terprise.-. -;
Plan Seamen's Clubhouse.
Ulysses G. Bair, the counterfeiter, wa3
held yesterday ! to answer, bef ore^the Dis
trict-Court by United States Court Com
missioner He^ock on a complaint charg
ing . him with .passing counterfeit dollars.
The' Mil of Mrs. , Bair was .raised from
SlOOO i'o.$2C00, the United Stntes: Grand
Jury having indicted ' her ' for . passing
-some' of ; her "husband's, bad monev. ¦ 1 Sh(j
~was 'taken into , custody.
Bair Held to ; Answer.
Supervisor Lawrence H.Dwy'er is lying
seriously illat his home on Utah' street.'
Dwy er attended the > meeting of the Su
pervisors' ¦ Finance Committee last Fri
day night and contracted a severe cold
The cold. developed into. pneumonia and
the family physician. was called in. The
condition of the sick man became alarm
ing and a. consultation of physicians was
held yesterday.- ..- '" '".'; ' - t
Supervisor Dwyer Seriously HI.
In recognition of Frank M. Gorman's
brave deed in rescuing from the flames
Delia J. McGrath. and Nellie L. .Haley,
two young girls,: who were -entrapped in
a burning building at 244 Stevenson street
on November.- 5, .1501, the officers . of .-the
Fire Department' have provided a> hand
some medal which is to be presented to
the Tiero. -The presentation .will be made
by Mayor Schmitz." The medal - bears an
appropriate inscription./ .. ' ¦
"Will Reward Brave •Fireman.
-The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces that on February 25 \ and
26, 1902, an' examination will be held in San
Francisco and other 'places for the posi-~
tion of assistant in the soil survey, Bureau
of Soils, Department of Agriculture, at a
salary ' of 5720 to $1200 per annum. Per-r
sons who desire to compete should apply
at once either to the United. States Civil
Service Commission," Washington, D. C
or to the secretary of -the local, board of
examiners, Postofflce, San Francisco, for
application forms 304 and 375, which should
be properly-executed and. filed with the
commission -prior to the hour of closing
business on February 15,* 1902. . . •
Civil. Service Examination.
The committee reported in favor of di
recting the Olympic Salt Water Company
to connect two hydrants, with its salt
water main at the. southeast corner* of
Ocean boulevard and B street.
The Supervisors' Fire' Committee ' yes
terday, heard :the protest "of the District
Council of Painters against any, member
of the Fire Department doing .work be
longing to the craft. Joseph Tuite, Frank
Ambrose and William "Page represented
the council and referred to the sections of
the charter denning the duties of firemen
and also providing that repairs, shall be
done by, the- Board of Works. The-pro
testants : said ¦ that ' painting was being
done by firemen on. the inside and outside
of truckhouses. At Supervisor Wynn's
suggestion the Chief of the Fire Depart
ment .will be requested to appear at the
next meeting, to furnish his views on the
matter. : , : ¦¦'
Object to Painting by Firemen.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B Heger & fm. Ohio
W F Walker,' Chicago
Mrs Jackson. San Jose
S Miller & w, Los Ang
E Wikstram, N Orlens
F Hailing. N Orleans
J M Blaney, U S N
J Morrison, New York •
H F Lang, New York
W. Smith. Lathrop .
P J'Bayne, Boston
C E Peterson.- Cal .
G S Maura, Minn
W.Whitmore, Minn
C Allen, Newman
H J Harshman, Tracy
J D Clendenis & w, Cal
P Catty & w, R Vista
H Brook. Vallejo • ,
Miss A Pedrotti., Cal '
Miss M Pedrotti. Cal '
J Laneronl. Vallejo
A Cuneo, Vallejo
C P Reuter, Cal - • .
W B Mumford, Cal
J P Lamband, Cal
J Qulnn, Seattle
r Rlley. Seattle ¦
W R Mitchell, Portland
G AMltchell. Portland
D Frazer, Canada
A RMoulton. Dawson
W J Enrlgh & w, Cal
W. Dutton. 'St Cloud
E Armand, Iowa
J E Carpenter. CanadaJ
T Chandler. N Haven
W E James. Colorado
F Howley & w, Mass"
N W.Howe, Boston
J Consldlne. Sheboygan
E Scoles. Sheboygan
C Burtach, Chicago
CE West, Phila
E J Parish, London
A G Cranneld. London
R Osterman, B C
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Corporal of Marines Bylngton, who' Is In
charge of the office at Clay street wharf of
the Naval /Training Station tug Vigilant,
was attacked the other day by a number
of Apprentices from the United States
training ship Alert. There was just one
short round and no protests heard when
the corporal claimed 'the, decision on a
succession of knock-downs. . The Alert ap
prentices were on furlough." : . • -
The training ship returned recently from,
a cruise with, sictaiess aboard. When she
was released from quarantine a number
of the boys were given furlough, but, on
account of having been exposed to sick
ness on their ship, were forbidden to visit
the training station, until the expiration
of their furlough. A few of them decided 1
¦to go anyhow, but were prevented from
boarding the Vigilant by Bylngton.
"Admiral's orders, boys, and, you can't
go aboard," said the corporal.
"We're going ' anyhow," replied the
yotmg-men-on-furlough, and in a body
they advanced to the gangway. The ma
rine blocked their way. ....
"Let's lick him," was suggested. ¦ . - •
As the' Vigilant pulled away from the
wharf those on the tug. saw four dazed
apprentices sitting on the -dock gazing in
bewilderment, at the little corporal. . ! At
the end of their furlough about a dozen
of the Alert's company will be given to
understand that : when Admiral Glass says
"No"-that's what it means. a
Assaulted the Corporal.
Alfred LUIenfeld, A|phonse Ausch, Martin
Rubalne, James E. Darley, Levi Strauss, Mau
rice Schweitzer. Charles Q. Miller, William K.
Frederick. S. J. Gallagher, Peter J. McGlynn
George Katz. T. J. Mellott. J. S. Severance,
Marina J Kast,' George F. Beverldge, T. Carey
Friedlander, Christian H. • Koehnckei George
L. Center, James S. Webster, Charles Bund
schu. D. V. Kelly, F. J. Devlin, E. 13. Pond,
John J. Sweeney, R. . Rasmussen, Matthew
O'Brien, Frank IL Kllduff, L. J. Walsh, F. A.
Kuhls. W. G. Stafford, J. J. Lawless. - E ' F.
Cluin. A. S. J. de Guerre, Max Brooks, W.
McCracken, *H. M. Black. H. B Russ C. B.
Sloane, Henry Trevor,. J. F. Siebe. A. W. Wll-
Bon, T. P.. Andrews, Wesley Heldt, J. W.
Goetze, F. B. Peterson, A. B. Truman b Adam
Veravich, Herman Kohn, Andrew McElroy,
Matthew Nunan, T. J. Parsons, J. W, Reil>y,
P. Siavln," Maurice P. Corrldan. Herman Cohen,
James Smith. E. R. Myrlck, James A. Brien,
John McGrath, John. Parker, Dwi^ht Baldwin
Orville, . W. J. Bryan, J. C. Nealon, T. J.
Welsh.' J. W. Elder. P. J. Tomalty, T. L.-
Henderson, W. J. Somers, David Roth/ John
Bonnett, E. T. Allen, Charles Grandona, i. F.
Renault,, F. H. Buehnell, Bernard . Lowensteln,
C. F. Leege, F. J. Drlscoll, John N. Much,
Charles McCarthy. J. H. .Doolittle, J. B. - Smith..
H. B. McAvoy, E. F. Hale* T. R. Bannernian,
H. C. Golcher, Werner Stauf, L. S.- Sherman,
S. B. Foby, Clarence G- Bickford, Joseph
Black, G. F. Bowman, Maurice Cas^y, E. II.
Clark, P. McG. McBean. A. T. Spotts, G. B.
Barber," Roma In C. de Boom, A. Gless, L. V.
Merle, -Patrick McGoldrick, Adolph Unger. W.
Fay Smith, 'Hugh McCrum, James O'Connori
Samuel Polack, Simon Scheeline, Michael
Flofid, George Clark, Charles M. Plum, George
G. Burnett, Warren Leventritt, William
Broderick, J. W. Lee, Samuel J. Hendy, Court
land C. Benedict, J. K. C. Hobbs. W. J.
Golcher, John G. Us, A. B. Ma&uire. James
Humphrey,' J. M. Long, J. F. Martinonl, Meyer
L. Cohen, Ed R. Dimond, Fred Simmen, Jpgeph
Calegaris, Nathan A. Hewspn, G. A. Beston,
Adolph Becker, Daniel Sullivan, Jacob Green
baum, John F. Merrill, Walter G. Davis, Wake.
Held Baker, John F. Kennedy. David Rich.
Robert Wleneke. H. M. Holbrook, C. L. Field.
C. G. Worden, William Alvord, Horace Davis
and A. W, Dennis.
The twelve Superior Judges have chosen
the following named citizens as a venire
from which the two grand Juries for this
year will be selected:
Tentative Grand Jurymen Named.
' Addle Deutsch, buck and wits; Queenie Til
ton song; I.Uliun Levey, song; Haby Kiefv.
whistler and buck and wing dam-er; Gladys
Montague, coon specialties; Reyna Belasco,
buck and wing; Claire, Deutsch,- song; Gertrudo
Devlne, song; Little Queenie Tilton and Maud
Sharp, "The Tyrolean"; Bessie Radigan. song;
Maudle Sharp, song; Miss Edith. Ahkmann,
.cornet solo: Baby Deutsch sailor's hornpipe;
Little Grade- .Wright and Master Clarence
Krone, duet; Melvlll« Co&kley, song; Alice- Bar<
num, smallest pruna donna, "Ave Maria" from
"Cavallerla Rustlcana"; Dora Stelllng, "Tho
Daughter of the Regiment"; Cairo True-Board
man, story and song; Mt»s ShemanskI and MK
Schulthels, duet from "II Trovator.e.".
Ai). entertainment and dance will be ten
dered Queenie Tilton by her many friends
in Union Square Hall on Sunday evening
next." The programme arranged for the
occasion Is an excellent one. The best
amateur and professional talent will take
part. The following numbers will be ren
dered: ¦ .
Assist Queenie Tilton at an
Entertainment.
CLEVER ARTISTS WILIi
APPEAR AT HER BENEFIT
Amateur and Professional Talent to
Hollingsworth was 78 years of age. and
his wife was 76. They recently celebrated
their fifty-seventh wedding anniversary.
During all their r married' life they were
never apart save. once, and that was for
only fourteen days.* They came to Pasa
dena in 1878 from -Ohio. Hollingsworth
was this city's first Postmaster and its
first storekeeper. Four children and nu
merous grandchildren survive them.
Mrs. Hollingsworth's death occurred at
7:20 o'clock yesterday morning. - In tha
same bed lay her husband, suffering with
the same complaint, an aggTa,vted case
of grip. When it was seen that the wo
man was dying-;, her husband was given
a sleeping potion which rendered him un
conscious while the body of his wife was
removed. He- joined, her in death at 2:30
o clock this morning, passing away peace
fully, and without knowing that his help
mate had 'gone before.' . ¦
PASADENA, Jan. 30.— Mr.' and Mrs.
LawBon D. . Holllnsworth", .the oldest'inar
ried couple . In • this neighborhood, . died
•within twenty-four hours of each other.:
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
First Postmaster of Pasadena
) and Wife Called Frcm'
Aged Couple Pass Away
Within a Day of
Each Other. .
Fraudulently Use Priest's Name.
A few • unscrupulous book agents have
been - soliciting' in St. Paul's. Parish -an*
using Rev. Father Connolly's name in or
der to increase their sales. They have
been representing: themselves as having
his approbation in disposing of the books
for a charitable society. Father Connol
ly wishes to ,have it known that he naa
authorized no book agents to use his name
and that their representations are evident
ly fraudulent
DEATH QUICKLY
REUNITES THEM
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALt; FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1902^
11
JF MCS1CAL IXSTRIIBtKVTS Cos.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano etock.
» both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and Include* ihe most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month: some jrood
pianos for S3 $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN CLAY'— CO.. Stclnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
•A FINE large upright. $150; a beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case.
In use only a few months. $275; new pianos
to rent. $3 f»0- squares, fl 50 and $2; Beck-
stein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &.
SON, 23 Oth St.. agts for Ivers & Pond pianos.
f 147 WILL~buy a good new piano during our
clearance sale at 933 Market St.; second-hand
pianos; $35 up. THE WILEY B. ALLEN
company:.
A SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos; dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market St.
S150 24TH. near Howard — Wagner square
piano for sale: very reasonable.
pjAN'Os". all makes, new or Sd-hand. $75 up;
eacy paymts. Fay's Piano House, 1729 Mlssn.
A BARGAIN: fine upright piano; for pale cheap"
for cash: call a. m.; no dealers. 1227 Hayes.
PRIVATE party wiil sacrifice, account death,
handsome new 3-pedal upright piano. 595 Ellis.
6TILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
$175— A RARE chance: fine upright. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister Et., next Hlbernla Bank.
_jf I'PERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. ¦ H.
MLTLLER, maker, repairer. 2 T_tv.^ n place.
AT KE_*T._'S. 22 Turk Ft., near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
R'EW HYGIENIC TREATMENT.
I>R. ALICE J. PRATHER, late of New York.
rias txrnvacently located at 007 Van Nmi
ave.; hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phone Polk 1421.
OIL. ~*
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; all
Fizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission gt.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
E1IMA Spreckels buliaing. 027 Market St.— Of-
fices with modern conveniences, $15 to $25.
ASHTON _ GARDINER.
STORE; Twenty-third and Guerrero sts.: fix-
tures and living rooms. - Apply J. A. LEN-
NOX. 315 Clay st.
1'AINTCRS AND PK CO n .ATO R S.
ROOMS papered $3 up: whitening and tinting
done. HARTMAKS Paint Co.. 319 Third St.;
telephone Red S521.
PALMISTRY.
G. L, Neergaard. president St. Germain Col-
lege. reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2833.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor ft., bet. Geary and Poet: tel.BIack-561.
" PERSONALS.
AN elerant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
<•¦[ panta fre« of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
ct., between Seventh and Eighth.
TUMORS AND CANCERS CURED— The Napa
Sanatorium will take a few cases of tumors
and cancers, making no charge until cure Is
complete. Ad. Napa Sanatorium. Napa, CaL
ELECTRIC llfrht In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et., near Market; 700 rooms;
£5c to $1 W per night; |1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
ana The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
A— WHAT do you think?- O. BERMAN, 43
Ellis, makes colored e_ lrtc to order; $1 each;
came as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
A KfW champooing machine; dries your hair
In 10 minutes and benefits the hair: sham-
pooing Me G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
10.000 PERSONS en whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 23S Sixth Bt., room
11 : call after 7 p. m.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton ct., near 'Broad— ay.
A— IF jour hair is falling or you are bald call on
Pr.G.S.Moore.332 OTarrel^send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles remowTTy
electric neegle.Dr.__Crs.Tr_Terse,1170 Market.
AI_— £— ,r>I— _S Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Ite natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric needle. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Market.
FREE trial Dixon's Superfluous Hair Remover.
\ J10S Polk Et.. near Eddy: phone Polk 8522.
ACTipA for sale by the A'Vlda Company, 763
VaAada Et., corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art eallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1110 Butter et.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLING. 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Sirs. Brigg-s — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle, 96S Sutter; tel.L_r_ tn 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALLIE M. KUNN. 1002% Dolores st.
JEWELRY for eale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtacd. 126 Kearny su. rm. 28.
ELECTRIC needle* specialist: superfluous hair
& mcles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 OTarrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
th° best corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
PLAXIXG AXD TCRMXG BULLS.
WOOL* and ivory turning, planing, shaping
s^q yawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
*- PHYSICIANS AND SCltGEO.VS.
ABSOLUTELY FREE CONSULTATION— All
diseases 1 of men and women treated success-
ful. Prepare all medicines myself DH
FORDEN. No. 6 Turk et.. corner Mason.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
S, furgeon. at 1122 Market st.: hours 10 to 8.
t>R. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG KIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats a'.l disease of the human body: see
t"Fti»if.nials at office. 115-117 Manon.nr.Ellls.
RjEAt^JESTATE CITr FOR SALE.
JosEPn~iTRATnT~"~ 7 ~~
, 8.V) Market et., corner Stockton
Tolpphone Grant 177.
I>_1 Estate Agent.
Property bought and sold.
RT.ts collected.
m;AL KSTATI2 — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE N¥AR~SAirFRAJfClicoI__
Small tracts. $«» to $90 per acre, on Rancho
«>tati. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured as
Fan Francisco Is growing rapidly; loeaiien
l*M for :.oultry and geneial farming. Apply
:.• The Cctstl Co.. 302 California et., for pun.
I liMs and information.
POINT RICHMOND !— Beautiful sere lots iu
Ufchtnond Addition; a limited number, and
:hi? only nci-e lots near Richmond; Men
low: terms" reasonable. See J. H. MAC-
POX ALP _ CO.. 1052 Broadway. Oakland.
1TCF1TABLE crange. lemon, peach and prune
:«n*s to sell: rijtht locality: big troney; easy
__rarraent». HEALY & CARR. C Eddy et.
POVIvrnY snd dairy ;anche* «1I kinds: send
rtar.r for free list. C. R. Wlnfield. Petaluma.
ALiilElJA AlJYiiRTiSRMl-Nft
, ¦¦
ALAMEDA REAL- ESTATE. >
ONLY S20C0. terms to suit, a fine cottage. 7
rooms an<\ biitti; lot 48 feet front. H. G.
MEHRTENS. 1520 Webster St.. AJameda.
BERKEiiUllYERTISEMENTS
BERKKI.KV REAL K STATE.
ONLY $2000— Fine, well built house of 6 rooms
A (cannot be rebuilt for S2SO0); good-sized lot,
j. on the tunny Fl< i c of street: t-treet work all
done; a positive bargain. JOSEPH J. MA-
f SON, teal estate. Berkeley station; •
I $2000 — HOME of 7 rooms and> bath; modern;
one block from station: lot SOxllO: terms -to-
i FUit; Interest on unpaid balance 6 per cent
; per annum. A. J. 6NYDER. 467 Ninth St..
! or branch riffle*. Adeline station. Berkeley.
[ FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVA-B IlEAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor
Wilson ave. and Hopkins Bt.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-;
1 tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig/
_ eon cote, etc.: ornamental grounds; fruit
•il orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
j^i from S. F. ; rent $35 a month; '-price $4000
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills budding, or H
A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE—1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATTB." ; /. \ - •
7 NEW homes; 5 to 8 rooms; all first class:
Merrtmac or Twenty-eighth ist.. between Tel-
egraph ave^and Grove st.; monthly payment
plan. See owner on the premises to-day.
8. P. MEADS, Oakland real estate. 1223
Broad-way, near Fifteenth st.
OAKLAXD FORXITCRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap, this month. , H.
SCHRLLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
KOOS1S FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
APARTMENTs'for housekpg; handsome sunny
suites ; all modern Improvements; gas, bath,
reception rm.; nr. park and school; rent rea-
sonable. St. James, McAllister and L aguna.
BELL. The J773 Market — Sunny bay window
room, with kitchen, gas range. $15; phone.
MCALLISTER, 684 — A nice room Buitabla for
housekeeping If fleslred; use of bath, laundry.
ELIZABETH. 2, oft San Jose ave. — 2 sunny un-
furnished front rooms for light housekeeping-.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521—2 large rooms furnish,
ed or unfurnished for housekeeping; upstairs.
OAK, 119 — 2 sunny rooms, heavy housekeeping,
$14; 2 rooms, furnished housekeeping, $12.
PINE. 1300. cor. Hyde — 2 sunny -front corner
furnished rocms; gas range; bath; $17.
SIXTH 242— Nice sunny rooms,? first floor, fdr
housekeeping; other small rooms.
Virginia, 1005 PowelK-2sunny front housekeeping
rooms; newly furnished; gas range. baths;$20.
CLASSIFIED advertlsements^and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn, and Unfnrn.
. ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
eunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door. •
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlshed rm., suites, single ; also unfurnished.
CLAY, 1243— A Ircut furnished room; private
family.
"EDINBURGH." 239 Powell st., cor. Geary—
Location most central; large, well-furnished
suites and single; front rooms as offices;
modern Improvements, electric lights, etc.,
ELLIS. 321 (Morart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
85c, $160 night; >1 60. {ft wk.; open all night.
ELLIS. 324 — Newly furnished sunny front
suite; also single; with or without board.
ELLIS. 418 <The Plerpont) — Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
, vice; hot water; private baths. ,. . ¦ •
FOLSOM. S20. near Fourth— Furnished rooms'
to let. $1 per week. "...
FRANCISCO Hotel — Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
FURNISHED front and back parlor for gen-
tleman; neighborhood of Pine and Leaven-
worth ets.; private family. Box 3467. Caiy
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. Tth and Mission —
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; BUlt,glngIe:elevat.,
GRANT AVE., 17— Pleasant sunny rooms at
reasonable rates. - -
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome euitej;
private bathi; newly furnished single rooms.
MCALLISTER, CS4— A nicely furnished room,
suitable fcr 2;' bath, gas and phone.
MISSION 1322 — A email back furnished bed-
room, $3 month. .. : '
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60: week. $2
to (8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POLK. 603 — Two. parlors, single or en suite;
running water; reasonable.
POLK, 1002 — Furnished fiats, suites and single
rooms, cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe.
RINCON place, £S. .off .Harrison — 2 eunny fur-
nished front nxois with use of kitchen, for
man and -wife or 1' gentlemen;, view of bay.
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 108 — Furnished rooms to let, $1 25 per
week and up.
SIXTH. 240V? — Large front suite, light house-
keeplng; nice single rooms; running water.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st. .
STOCKTON, 332 — Nice eunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone.
THIRD, 131 A — Office and bedroom en suite;
newly furnished; sun ail day.
TURK, 543 — Large front room; open or folding
bed; grate, gas and bath; reasonable.
YERBA BUENA. 25, near Taylor and Sacra-
mento—Nice large furnished room; nice loca-
tion; rent moderate.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements arid
subscriptions has been established at 1003
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk; sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water: modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South S29.
HOTEL Buena Vista — Newly furnlshtd-; good
table; warm belt of Mission. 1070 Valencia
Et. ; conservatories.
MISSION, 827— Newly furnished rooms and
board; private family; at low rate..
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)-^Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
Irvingdale, 628 Eddy — Double & single rooms,
suitable for students; good table; lo.w rates.
ROOMS ASD BOARD WAIVTED.
A STUDENT wishes room and board; private
femlly. state terms. . Box 3320. Call offlce.
ROO3XS AVAXTEI3.
¦WANTED — Furnished room with east window
and open prospect. In private family, within
¦ vix blocks of Jones and Sacramento sts. Box
3329. Call offlce.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE CURE— TREATMENT FKEE.
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206
Market st.. rooms 5 ami 6; new -system.
___________________
AMERICAN CRUDE OIL BURNER CO. — Dis-
places other burners and Installs In San Fran-
cisco free the American Burner, guaranteeing
7>4 per c6nt saving In oil. Send for cata-
logue and Treatise on Oil Burning. Address
works. _?0 Fremont st.
BAD tensnts ejected for $4; collections made;
city ct country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41.1 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5B80.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
,'ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; loweyt rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates : phone Mint 45. 145 Cth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell gts. ;• tel. Main 5713.
BE KINS Van and Storage O0..C30 Market St.;
tel. Main 18*0; shipping at cut rates.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
• TO' LEASE.-
4 ACRES; house 10" rooms and bfcth; hot and
cold water; windmill and tank; hay barn,
horse barn and other buildings. Inquire M.
MILLETT. Colma. .San. Mateo County.
TYPEWRITERS; AJfD. SUPPLIES. '
GREAT BARGAINS LV TYPEWRITERS— -We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530 California: teleph^ie Main 206.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors : estimate free. 209Sansome.,
PROP.ERTY.QWNEKS _ CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentxell patent chlm-,
ney, I am prepared to erect It 00c a foot up;
expert In curing smoking or faulty flues;'
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without 'obedl-
ence^to labor orraniratlons: estimates free.
J. SMITH, 2933 Mission, or box 260, 318 Bush. .
a Dr. Gi boon's D ispensary,
629 KEAUriT ST.' Established
in 19A4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, I-ost Manhood. Debility or
dhease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Uoctor cures when
others fall. Try him. 1 Charges low.
<:» re- ruarnnlrrd. Call or writ*
iJT. 3. y, «IQ2OJ?{. S«u Francisco. Ob _, ?
WOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY,
. Leave ¦ Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive .
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- _.,,», _ ,_ !_-_.__. San- Week"
._*__ _____ _£_"«: ____ ___i.
9-30 A. 8:«U. -j.- -_-__ U.T-. _ t_J !-W '¦ i*"-45 A.
1:45 P. 10:00a. t_«jit%tf 3:0 ° *• »
__> r. 11:30a. _!*^k_«-,r 4-5 f. 5-35 T.
-¦' 9m, B— 1 f— «e>n 11 1» 8— H tmi »^m «. «!¦«(>. . .
Santa Fe
Trains—Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
¦ r - j Local Um'd Orrl'd Local
•'¦.5 "•- -.-¦¦ DaUy Daily Dally Dally
Lv. SanFran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p-
Ar. Stockton 10 :18 a 11 :45 a 11 :10 p 7 :18 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:30 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 8:27 p 8:03a.......
' •• VUalia.. 8:3»p 5:00a.. 1
" Bakersfd 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:43 a
" -Kan.CityK - 2:4da 7SM u, .......
•> Chicago..! 2:13 p 9:0Op|
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
- runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-*
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally -
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Freano
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
'Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cots out at Fresno.
Corresponding train .arrives at 0:00 p. m.
dally. .."•" .- *
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a.m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; - 1112 'Broadway,
Oakland. .•..-.
Saa Francisco u> Saa RaJ-al.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, »:C0, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8: 30, 0:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursday*— E-tr*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m-
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
Oaa ttuiami to San Franctaco.
WEEK DAYS— 6: 10. 7:00, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
Vi'AS. 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, U:10. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10.
6:05. 8:23 p. m. ¦¦ ¦ ¦-
Leav* I la .Effect I Arrivu
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901 [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- | . • | Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | Destination! day*. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Nova to. 10:40am 8:40am
8:30pm 0:30am Petaluma.. tt:05pm 10:23am
6:10pm 6:00pm Santa Roaa. 7:35pm frijtOpm
/ Fulton,
7:80am Windsor. 10:25am
1 . 6:G0pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton, . • . . .
' • • Geyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and TTklalv 7:35pm 6:2Op_t
7:30am ' 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am GuerneviUe. 7:35pm
3:30pm 6:Q0pm » :20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma' 9:15am 8:40am
and :
• 8:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| ' |10:40am|10:25ara,
3:30pm| 5:00pm[ Sabastopol. | 7:3Spm| 6:20pm
Stages • connect at Santa Rosa for Marie
Weat Sprlrfga and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton. for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyaervllle for Skaggs Springs; ac
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, , Kelsey-
ville Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell La Ice, Witter Springs. Upper Lake Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's.
Bucknell'a, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Wllllts. LaytonvMe, Cummins. .
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, ScotU
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all . points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
Building. 1
.H. C WHITING. ,R. X. RTAN.
Qen. Manager. / Gen. ' Pass Agt.
KA1L.WAY COMPANY. *
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
CULLFOfiNU NORTHWESTERN ST. CQL
LESSEES
SA_ FRANCISCO AH9 NORTH PACIfi'i
. ' PROPOSALS.
— TOWN of Lompoc, Cal., -water works
bonds — G..W. Meals, Clerk of the town of
Lompoc, will receive until February, ID. 1902,
V at 6 o'clock p. m., sealed ¦ proposals for
$40,000 4H per cent 1 to 40 year Serial V.' 8.
¦ gold water works 'bonds of this town. Interest
payable semi-annual ly, to bear Interest from
issuance. Denomination $500 . each, payable
' two each year; payable at Town Treasurer's
office. Bids to be accompanied by certified
check on some national bank in California
- for the sum of $2500, said check payable 'to
the- order of the town of Lompoc and to b«
addressed to and deposited . with the Town
Clerk of said town, or. In lieu of said check,
-cash gold coin in said amount may ¦ be
deposited with, the Town . Treasurer of said
town and his receipt therefor shall accom-
. pany said bid; each bid to be: inclosed in a
• sealed ¦ envelope Indorsed "Proposition • for
Water Works Bonds- of the Town ¦ of Lom-
: poc,". _nd to be addressed to and deposited
with the Town -Clerk of said town. The
- Board of Trustees of said town reserves the
right to reject any or all proposals or bids
for said bonds or to waive any informality in
, any bid as the Interests of said town may
require. Resolution and information fur-
nished on application. G. W. MEALS, Town
'_ Clerk. . --.-.: . ., •, - . g
'MARRIAGE LICENSES. ;
• . -. T -¦'—___ ' . V-. . . ' ¦ '
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday : ¦ „ • .. • ... *
-Samuel H. Gilbert,' 22. 313 Eddy street, and
Edith Wolff, 1», Sacramento.
James A. Emery, 21; city, and Emily Har-
trlck, 18, city.
John R. Clark, 33, city, and Maud Mulllna,
—2, city.
Frederick C. Kroger, 26, 270 Crescent "- ave-
nue, and Meta Gefkin. 22. Seal Rock House.
Ernile Troy. SO, 507 Post street, and Mary
Hand, 27. 2424 Jackson street.-
John M. Craig, 21. Presidio, and Catharine
C. O'Donnell, 21. '16% -Oak street. >
John Moore, 25, €01 Eddy street, and Maude
M. Graham, 24. 694 Fulton street
Henry J.. Fourrea,- SO,- 507 Pine street, and
Martha P. Poussou, 26, 2510 Jackson street.
Eugene W. Wahl, 26. 2627 Harrison street,
and Nellie Devlin, 22, 66 Clementina street'
Max M. Stelnfels, .24, S23 Kearay street, and
Maud Lock, 19, 523 Kearny street.. ,
Herman H. Garms, 23, 726 Union street, and
Kstella Damergue, 22, 726 Union street. • ¦
Thomas J. Stapleton, 29, 713 Natoma street,
and Hannah English, 24, 1818 Eddy street ¦
V Albert Walter. 49. 415 Natoma, street; anl
Mollie. Pflzmaler. 88, 415 Natoma street.
Aaron H. Powers, 32, city, and -Ro«e E.
Robinson, 30, city.
Alessandro Hallo, 21.' " 776 Haight- street, and
Zlta Butorl, 23, 776 Haight street. <i
Edward Delventhal, 33. 799 . Mission street,
and Nellie Porter. 32, 799 Mission street.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS. :
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
moll will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. .
MORRISON— In Oakland, January 26," 1902, to
the wife of, E. W.' Morrison, twin sons. ;
MARRIED.
HATCH — GURLEY — In this city, January 29,
1002. by the Rev. J. D. Klooz of the United
Kvangellcal Church, Twenty-fourth and Har-
rison streets, Charles K, Hatch of San Fran-
cisco and Ellen- C. Gurley.
PARSONS— LUTTICKEN— In this city, Janu-
. ary 20, 1902, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, .
pastor of First . English Lutheran Church..
Kdward B. Parsons and Linda A. Luttlcken.
: ¦ both of San Francisco. .. .
DIED.
Deasy. Sara L. Morrison. Hector F.
Devlin. Frank Morrison (Infant)
Lhinnlgan. Patrick Murphy, ' Bridget
Klynn, Roae . Murphy, Edward :
Foley, Thomas Nolte, William F\
Greane, May l ¦ Normile. Thomas
Grossman, Marks Powers, Mary
Hanley, Howard F. Ripplch, Frederick 1
Horn, Robert G. Riordan, T. J. .
Johnson. Alvera M. Rock. Narcisse
Kelly. William J. Roller. Fred H.
Kieve. Arthur Spergers, Jea
Larkins. Ann ' Sutherland, John J."
Lord. Edward ' Thornhill, Ann
McCann, Roderick J. Towns. John J.
McNeill, John Venton. Arscott
Melyer. Frederick Woolf, David
Moore, George W.
DEASY — In Oakland. January 28. 1002, Sara
L., belovea wife of Jerome Deasy, a native ;
of Brooklyn, N. Y.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the' funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late- resi-
dence, corner of Second avenue and Eight-
; ceiitlt Street, East Oakland, thence to St. An-
tlHiny's Church, corner of Fifteenth street
and Sixteenth avenue, East Oakland, where
a solemn requiem hich mass will be cele-
brated, for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing' at • 10 ¦ o'clock. Interment .St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
MARTHA "WASHINGTON Circle. ! Div. No. 1,
A. O. H. of A. — Sisters:- You are hereby re-'
quested to attend the funeral of our late
sister, Sara L. Deasy. By order of
JOSEPHINE DILLON, Pres.
MRS.M. B. TWOMEY, Cor. Sec. •
DEVLIN — In this- city, January 30, 1902,
. Frank, beloved brother of Edward Devlin. A
native of Ireland, . aged 31, years 7 months
and 1 day. A member of the Plumbers' and
Gasfltters* Union of San Francisco.
(E7Remains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 and 2» Fifth street.
DUNNIGAN — In this city. January 30, 1902.
Patrick, beloved husband of Ann Dunnigan,
and father of John Henry Dunnican, and
stepfather of Mrs. Ann Rielly. Edward Kav-
anaugh and the late Mrs. Mary Stout, j a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
. 78 years. ' <
.FLYNN— In Oakland, January 28, 1902, Rose
Flynn, a native of Ireland, aged 84 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
February 1. 1902. at 8:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 709 Adeline street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment; St.
Mary's" Cemetery.
FOLEY — In "this city, January 29, 1002,
Thomas, beloved husband of Julia Foley,
and beloved father of John J. Foley, a na-
tive of the parish of Kildorrery, County
! Cork, Ireland.
K7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
i. (Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 17 Clyde street, off Townsend, be-
tween Third and Fourth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the, repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREANE— In Alameda, January 30, 1902
May, beloved wife, of John E. Greane, a na-
tive- of California, aged 47 years 5 months
•and 10 days. ,
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
GROSSMAN—^ln Los Angeles, January 28
¦ 1002,' Marks Grossman, beloved husband of
the late Eva Grossman, and father of Mor-
ris M., Jacob E... Dr. M. E. and Aaron E.
Grossman, a native of Poland, aged 71 years
and 10 months. (Honolulu, H. I., and San
DIcgro, Cal.. papers please copy.)
(E7" Remains at the parlors of Halsted &
•Co., »46 Mission street. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
HANLEY — In this city, January 30, 1902
Howard Francis, dearly beloved son of David
A. and Rose Hanley, brother of Raymond
and Mabel Hanley, and grandson of Michael
and Catherine Conroy and Mary and the late
George Hanley. _ native of San Francisco
aged 5 years 1 month and 24 days.
HORN — In this city, January 28,. 11*02. Robert
G., beloved husband of Lizzie C. Horn
brother-in-law of Mrs. J. B.' Brice. and uncle
of Albert F. Thedy, a native of Cincinnati/
Ohio, aged 53 years 11 months and 20 days.
(Cincinnati. Ohio, papers please copy.)
JCTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Friday) at 2
o'clock, from his late residence, 3350 Twenty-
third street, corner Bartlett. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this ,. city, January 30,"' 1902
Alvera Mildred, beloved daughter of liar-"
nard • A.- and Elizabeth . Johnson, and sister
of Joseph, John, Theodora and Emma" John-
son and the late Clara L. Johnson, a native
of San Francisco, aged -2 years 7 m&nths
and 24 days.
KELLY — In this city, January 29, 1902, Wil-
liam J.' Kelly;" "beloved - husband -of Belle
Kelly, father of . Charles, Albert. Reginald.
Isabelle, Eugene, Harold and Clarence Kelly,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan'_ Gallagher *
• DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgf.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt, Olivet Cemetery,
• BAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFRCE 916 MARKET STREET, r
J. HENDERSON. Manager. '
NEW- FIRM Or* tinOBiiTAKBRs"*^
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager "for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J i
McBrearty, with the same 7 company for IS
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Cob-
• nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par- '
lors at 1171" Mission street, between Seventh '
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ,. -r*.
J J UNITED UNDERTAKERS^
»•>-» rffth St. TeLSowth w^l
rONERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERJS.I
Equipment Jat Modcratf_R_Te^ \
REMOVED!
¦" - /VloGllVrM BROS.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and- EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and 226 McAllister st. (For-
merly of -81 Eddy Ft. ¦ Tel. -Snutlr252.) .
OCEAK TBAVEH .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Jc > . Steamers ¦ leave Broadway
fifti^. .... Wharf, San Francisco:
8$K^ 1 '^ For Ketchikan.' Juneau,
*£>3«irvh««_. Ska^way, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
. Blf^S^^ m., Jan. 31.. Feb. 5. 10. 15, 20,
I_efl_fl TRl 23 - 1Iar - -¦ Change to com-
: Braar^—fgataa pany's steamers at Seattle.
, r^^UBto For .Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle, Taco-
* "^ ma, Everett, New Whatcom —
11 a. m., Jan. 31. Feb. 5. 10. 15, 20. 25. Mar 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For -Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1 :30 J>. m.,
Feb. 1, 6, 11. 16, 21, 26, Mar. 3.
For San Diego, • stopping only at Santa. Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Spokane, Sundays-, 9 a.' m.
Steamer State of CaL, "Wednesdays," 9 a. "in.
For Los Angeles, cajllngr at Santa Vnw. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Ofolspo), Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hue-
neme. Kast San Pedro, San Pedro and •New-
port (*Bonlta only).
Bonita, 9a.'a, Feb. 3, 11, 19, 27. Mar. 7.
Coos Bay,; 9' a. m., Feb. 7, 15, 23, Mar. 3.
. For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay; San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., Tth of each
month. *
For further Information obtain folder.
Right- is reserved to change steamers or sail-
in; dates.. . ¦ • ¦'... '
TIC~^~T O~~t~_ — I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
QOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
.10 Market- st.. ' San Francisco. ¦
EXCURSION 'jRATES
— TO—
PORTS IN_ MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Only $00. Including meals and berth for tha
round trip on board the Pacific Coast 8. S.
Co.* a steamer CURACAO, sailing from San
Francisco February. 7. March 7, April 7. Dua
back 27th of each month. Will call at the fol-
lowing Mexican ports: Enaenada. —Utgdatqna
Pay, San Jose del Cabo. Maxntlan. Altata. ,La
Pan. Santa Rosalia and Guaymas. For $20- ad-
ditional excursionists can return from Guaymas
by rail. For further particulars Inquire at
T*tok«'.t'Ofl'ce. * New Montgomery St., or. 10
Market st., Pan Francisco.
1 OR & TV- CO.
Oiily £3touw»l*lF> Line to
PORTLAND, Or., „
And Short- Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
poin*«. «»1i r*"- o~ «tenm-hin nnd rail, at
LOWEST HATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BIRTH tai MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
* Feb. 2, 12. 22: Mar. 4. 14. 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDKR Sails
¦ Feb. 7. 17. 27; Mar. ». 10. 29
Steamer satin from, foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., IMontg'y. S. F.
TOYO RISEN IAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan street", at 1 p. m.,
tor YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and. Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong -with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo rec»lved on board on day of
sailing. . . .0 .
SS. HONGKONG MARU ,¦......
.'Thursday, January 30th, 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU 1 .
....' Tuesday, February 25th. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
• -, Friday, March 21st, 1902
Round-trip tickets at. reduced rates. For
frcljrht and paBsage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
's. • TV. H. AVERT. General Agent.
...... : ; 9 .
AMERICAN LINE. S£
R_W TORI. SOUTHAHPTO^.- L05DOIT. PABI3.
Sloping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From Nev/' York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Louis Feb. fl St. Louis ;..Feb. 2«
Philadelphia ...Feb. l: Philadelphia ...Mar. 5
St. Paul ..Feb. lOlSt. Paul Mar. 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Kensington .... Feb. C Friesland ..... .Feb. 28
Zeeland ...Feb. 12 Southwark ....Mar. 5
Haverford Feb. 1!; Vaderland Mar. 12.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. .
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery at.
PACIFIC STEAr NAVIGATION GO.
And Cii M .Amsricsna deVaoorss
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m.
TUCAPEL .-...Feb. 10 PALENA Feb. 28
GUATEMALA.. Feb. 15 COLOMBIA .....
1 These steamers -ere bull (^expressly for Cen-
¦ tral nnd South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31fl California 6treet.
BALFOURi GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agenta.
PANAMA R. R, ; S ?:
TO NFW Y^R ( VI V ¦ F*Hn\ OH:).'.
I. Cabin, $105; 'Steerage,. $40; Meals Free. \
S. S Ltelaniw sails Fr day. Feb. 7
S.S.Argyll . sails Thursday, Mar. 13
S. S. LeeJnnaw sails Monday, Mar 24 !
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m. !
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent .
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auclc: '
land and Sydney.. Thurs. Feb. G 10 a m
SS ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Feb. 15, *02 2p m
j. D.SPSECXELS & _H3S. Ci . Ganari, Annts, ffl ftytst St
fien'l Passings? OISc£ f (43 Marbt St., Pisr la. 7. Facifc St
C0-PAGN1S ! CENSRAL^.. T_AK3ATL_NTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HA%RE-PARIS. _ t^ i> .
Sailing: every Thursday, instead of »j£iiCE>&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42.-«Sre<_5__l
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. - GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 32 Broadway- (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUG AZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5- Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEIt _TT.ATffT',B3.
FOB U, S.KAVrYAB) AND VALLEJJ
Eteanun GEX. FRI33E3 or MONTIC_LU
'i 0:45 a. m.. 2:15 and 8:30 p.m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. in., 8:30 p. m. - Leaves
¦Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, T a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone - Main 130$. Landing i and
office. • pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. . . '
. BAH. WAY THAVELl
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
¦ Via Sausallto Ferry- .
Commencing September 29 -1801 •
FROM BAN FKAN CISCO TO MILL VALLFY
AND SAN RAFAEL. ¦ W£I
WEEK DAYS— «:65, 8:30. •0:30, 11:00 _. m
; »1M5, 3:15,-4:15, 5:15. -8:15. «:43 p _T "
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 0:30 and 11:40 p; m. ¦ oa iur
SUNDAYS— »S:00, »10:00. •11:30 a.' m »1_3 '
3:15, "4:45. a:3o y:30 p. m. . * .
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln. * '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO. SAN FRANCISCO '
WEEK DAYS^»5:25. 0:27. 7t43, S7& lo-tk
a. m.. •12:25. 2:15. •3:S3.'4:40. 5:30 p ia.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wadneadflv*
and Saturdays at 6:45 »nd 9:55 p m. \^*'i
.SUNDAYS— 6:15, *S:QO, »10:00 «11:43 al m. '
•1:40. «3;15. 4:45, '0:30 p. m. . -» .- :^ ; ..* j
Trains marked (•> start from Saii Quentln. •
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO (
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6^5. 7:55. 8:55 V 10-a) i
*. m.. 12:35, 2:45. .3:50.5:10 p. m.- '
EOCTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p m. I
SUNDAYS— StfCi. 10:05 a. m..l2:0i. 2-15 !
3^0, 6!00. 0:45 p. m.- , '-. • • ¦ .'
THROUGH ' TRAINS. ' . \
• C:55 a;.m. week days — Qazadero and way
stations. .'•"..
. 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— -Duncan Mills and way
station?. .- '
¦ :i:00 a. ¦ m.' : Sundays — Duncan Mills and way -
stations. ~"T%d«| I wiHiBNt»'gifii|'.'fifatLLi" > » 1 iJLlmii'l« J
. .I.pgnl Hoi Way boats or.il trains will ran oa
S'_naay;:i_i*.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tralaa !•«*»«> nn>i »r» *n* to *rrl«* »» ¦
- . Rt.N riUNt'lVtM.
• • (M»fn Line. Foot of Market 3tr»ei> . - J
MAT- —' Tmox Dkctmsxs, >. MM. "— ¦ _M_WC
¦ ?«??* BenicU, Soimn, Elmln sod Sscrv
'. ¦ mento ' a.-sa#
• "t—k VsoaTllle, Wto«nn,'_n_sey 7-U»
: ' « :3u a MsrUnez. Saa lUraoa. V_lejo, Ksp*.
Callstoga and Santa Ron •tSS*
»t««A DkTtn. WoodUnd, Knfznu L»odln_ •• '
Mu-iTllla, ( Jrotillo.. ~ • 7.3 3»
•i«O» AUantio Kxpress-Ogden and Eaat StM^
•iOOa Nile*. iAthron. Stockton ' 3i_3?
9fA KUtw, Mendou. Bsoford. V__l», ¦ .
PDrterrUle *:M»
•iS»a Bhaata Ezvra _— D»rtaWi__B_?fo»
Bartlett Springs). WUlowi, Rmi
. - Bluff. PortUndV. 7(S9»
" ¦!«•* Ban Joas. Lite— ior«. Htockt.m.
, lone.- Mftcrsuttnto, PlseerrQle,
U.nstllle, Chioo. Hedniuit 4iO3»
»iSo» Oskdals, Ohtneas,8onon, Tuotamne 4:23f '
' 9t—h Hay war J, NUw sad Way 8uUon».. 1 1 tS9*
•KOi vaiiejo... .V. I x*aa,»
, *i««a _m Annies lima — &twUnex,
¦ ¦ " Trmcjr, I_throp. Htock ton. Usiced
¦ Tmvo sad Lot Angeles 7:33*
•il©4 Vallejo, mrUMsand Wa) Stations ?i38t
. I #io»a The Oterland limited— Ogden, Dan.
*er, Om>_. Chicafo 5i*Jt
flHMp Baeraiauito Kit er Suuim (lliOOf
, »i»«r Benlct*. Winter*. 8«r»n>«n(o,
Woodland. Ki.lgliU . i^iri^j.
M«i«»iIU.Oro»ill». l*:8Sa
tit«rH>~ud, NHe«»n<lW«r2U!loni.. 7:fi3»
«i«Op Msrtluas, Haw . IUiuoh. *. Jlejo,
'" " ' ' NapA. C»I!«Sm». S«nta Itoni ¦iS9» .
' 4i«Or KUes, Live— lore, Stockton, Lodl... l»i«S»
. «iS»p Hsyward. Nile*. H»n Jo.e, LtTerraore 1 9^33* .
4iB»rTti» Owl Umltwl — rnwno. TuUre,
' ¦'.? ' . llakcrsflald. H»mn« for 3i»u»* B»r-
ban, !_• Aoceles ¦<3av
»i««r Port Co«t». Tracy. Lathrcp, Stockton ]•-»*
tt:o«r Martinet. AnUoch, Stockton. Met-
oed, Fresno lz*M*.
•rt>«p HtrwRrd, Nile* and 8»n Joia "iMl
4«iMr V_Jeio 11:23k
••••r Oriental . .Mall— Of den. Danrtr,
. Omaha, St. Louia. Cbica«3 «»2a*
7t«0r Oregou and California l£xi>r«M,tt*«.
1 nuiisiiku, Marjmlll*, ReiMhif,
l'ortlami. l*n ( «t Huimd ami V.t*i Illla .
•rt»S r 8sa Fablo, Fork C'oits, M»rUne»
and Way tJUUooa 11:_»*
_f»w»p va»H ?»gay .
COAST L.INE (Bm— Hf Gauge).
(root of Mnrltct Htreet.)
•«^^.AN•I»_^^.C-^uter^U1^8allJo••,S¦e^tou. ' *V
'¦-¦.,• IJaulJorOeek.SaiiUOnuaudWaj
8tatlona u ,. 8<M»
t*tlSr N»w»tk, OanUrrlll^ San Jom, *S«m
¦ AlinsJan. Tsltou, llonl dar Orvek.
8aiita Criu anil Trlnelpal Way
SUUona 1O|3»*
<il»r N«wark, Haa Jose. I~« Gatoi |3:5o»
.. «».3«r Iluaters' Tniu-Sui Jcie and W »j
8MioBi.. n^«»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ma as rauicsco— r«t »t *uut s-j««t (slip s>—
1 7:16 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:00 • B:10r.M.
rrutOtlUIS— f««l»fBM»4»»T.—f«:00 J«:00 UjCO
10:U0*.M. 12:00 8;03 4:03 r.M.
COAST LINE (Bra»il Cl*ng«).
Q'hlrJ and Townamid 3-.)
•lit «* ban Jc«o *nd Way HtitTon*. «i4o!I
7i«Oa San Joaaauil Way KUtioiw -fS!««»
/7i«»«u iNew Alifadtm / 4zlt
¦tOOACottsi Ltna limited — Sao Joie,
Gilrtj, H»lln_», San Lois.Obispo.
Santa Barhars, Lm Angelta sbd
' prluc!pallnt<Tine<!lat8 8t*tion«.... lOrftSp
•>0OaH.ui Jnaa. Tias liooa. Hankii i'tux.
1'Hitlilc Uiotm. Salinas. San Lois
Oblnpo ami Prlncifai In termed— 1» ..
SUMiiiii .- 4tl«t
10i30a Ssa Jcae _>d Way SUtloas. fttSCi
I IiSUa Han J»i« jiuiI Way .Stations U;-I«a
t»: t<Vr M-iii Mateo, Itnlwinxl, Menlo Park, - '
1'aU Alto. KanUC'Ura. H».i .lo«%
Tres Plnoa, HauU Cm*. Saiinaa.
M-iim«yiuM« lVoilic *;r<i»«...... «IO»aa*
Sia»r Han JoMAUfl Way .station*. im»»
U«l»r Sin Jimp and I'rinctpAl Way Ntatlona tiMT
4i50r Sunwt Ximited^MondaTs, Wednen-
days, FriiUyr for Loj Angelrn, B3
l"*io New Orleans and Me* York .
AtrlTca. Suadsjs. Tuesdaja and
Thun<_-r» Io.l3»
1.1:«OrS.n Joa». Los Qatos sod Principal -
Wiy Stations f»iO«»
StSOp Saii Jimm mi<l l'rinrlpal Wsy StaOona Otao»
«>»Upi>a»Jna^Au<l (V>fHU!l.<m ~it0#
~:0«p New (>rleans Exprew — Hao Lnia - •.¦....'
ObUpo, Saula H* r)>»ra, Los An- -
coles. I)->u»lns. £1 Paao, New Or- -
loina ami _••« 7tS*a>
«Hl4SpS».i .l.«n>ii.l War Statlona... ...... 1»3OS? .
A for M oruinc. I' lor Altomooii.
t Hniiilar <¦ x *»nte J. ! only.
J Tuwdija »ndJPridaT»_
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
. l_7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
* dence, 628 Haight street, between Steiner
and Pierce,, under the auspices of California
Council No. 536, National Union. Cremation
at Odd Fellows'- Cemetery.
WOOLF — In this . city, January 28.' 1902/
¦.Davfd Woolf, a; native of Posen, Prussia,
aged 57 years. I ' • . ¦ .
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr &Co., 1137 Mission BtreSt. be-
tween Seventh and ' Eighth, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass . will be celebrated for . the repose
of his soul, commencing , at 10 o'clock, -in-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦. ¦
VENTON — In this city, January 29, 1902, Ara-
cott. husband of j Isabel Venton, and father
of Greta, Marian and Arscott Crawford Ven-
ton, ¦ a . native of England, aged 52 years 3
months arid 11 days. : - '
(CTFriends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral to-morrow
C~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. CUT Octavla street.. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowerB.
SPEGGERS— In this city. January 30, 1902*
Jes Speggers, beloved husband of Anna Speg-
gers, a native of Denmark, aged 74 years.
SUTHEULAND--In this city. January 29. 1902,
John J., beloved husband of the late Celletta
Sutherland, and father of Mrs. .E. Braughler
of Sacramento, a native of New. York, aged
59 years 9 months .and 5 days. •¦ .
(GTFuneral and Interment at Petaluma
Saturday on arrival of 9:30 a. m. train.
THOftNHILL— In' this city. January 30, 1002,
Ann Thornhlll, beloved mother of Walter and
Thomas Thornhill, Mrs. Walter Ayling and
» Mrs. H. Whittel, a native of England, aged
70 years. , . .• •
TOWN'S — In this city, January 30, 1002, John
J., beloved husband of. Mary Towns, father
of John Towns, ton of Ann and the late
William Towns, and" brother of William and
Thomas Towns, Mrs. Mugge and Mrs. Mat-
• ten, a native of San Francisco. a»red 38
years 7 months and 21 days. A member of
• California Parlor No. 1, 3*. S. G. W
Mnry Powers at St. Mary's Cathedral, Satur-
day morn In »r. February 1. commencing at 8
o'clock. Friends are invited to attend.
RIPPICH— In • this city, January 29, 1902,
Frederick •¦ Rlpplch," a native of Germany,
aged 42 years.
RIORDAN — In Salinas City, January 30. 1902,
I T. J. Riordan, aged 40 years.
ROCK — In this city, January 30," 1902, Nar-
cisse, beloved husband of Mary Rock, a na-
tive of Canada.
ROLLER— In this city, January '28. 1902, Fred
H. Roller, dearly beloved son of Charles an:!
Lena.. Roller, .and beloved brother of Charles
H., Emily and Albert Roller, a native of San
Francisco, aeed 22 years 1O months and 22
days. ¦ ' > . .
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
POWERS--A month's mind mass, will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to Attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the xmrlors of
II. F. -Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
N0RMI_,E— In this . city, ¦ January 29, 1902.
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Ann Normlle, - father . of ' Margaret, Thomas
Francis, Nora Teresa, Mary Agnes, EdvAird
John,* John. Gertrude Mary, Madeline 'and
Elizabeth Normlle, and brother-in-law of
John Dillon, a native of County Clare, Ire-
• land, aged 38 years. (New .York papers
please copy.) • . .• — . ..
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 642 Stevenson street, between Seventh
and Eighth; Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
" tery. • .' \ . •
MORRISON — In. Oakland, January 2T. --I902.
- Infant son of E. W. and -Rose Emma Morrl-
¦ son. v- ¦ . ¦-.....
MURPHY — In this city, January 30, 1902, at
her residence, 1824B Howard street, Bridget,
dearly beloved wife. of John C. Murphy, and
dearly beloved mother of John, Agnes and
the late Thomas F. Murphy, a native of
County- Roscommon, Ireland, aged 70 years.
ICTNotioe of; funeral hereafter.
MURPHY — In this city, January 28, 1902, Ed-
ward, beloved husband of Ann Murphy, a
. native of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged
CO years.
NOLTE — In this', city, January 29. 1002, Wil-
liam F.. beloved husband of Hanna Nolte.
. and father of Wanda . Nolte. a native of
Hanover. Germany, aged 01 years 2 months
and 19 days. A member of Bernal Lodge. No.
19, vA.. 0. U. W. . : ? .
- ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock. ' from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., \ 1239 Market street, between
. Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. John's
Church (Old St. Mary's College), for services.
. Interment ' Holy ¦ Cross Cemetery.- y '. ¦ :
McNEILL— In this city, January- 30,- . 1902,
John, beloved husband of Jane, . and rather
- of Harry.' John -and 'Archie McNelll. Mrs.
Hugh McCaughan,. Mrs. John T. Buckman,
Mrs. Gus Llndauer and the- late. William
McNeill,. a native of "County Antrim. 'Ire-
land, aged 08 years 7 months and 12 days.
- (CTFrlends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from' his late resi-
dence, 915 Minna street, off Tenth, inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .
MEIYER — In Pleasanton, Alameda County,
Cal., Thursday, January 30, 1902* Frederick
. Meiyer, beloved son of ¦.'. Claus : and ¦ Meta
Melyer, aged 20 years 5 months and 24 days.
E~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited - to attend the funeral Sunday
. Februarys, 1902, at 2, o'clock, from his late
residence on St. Johns street, Pleasanton.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery, Pleasanton,
Cal. Members of Court Allsal,: Foresters of
America, please, take notice. -
MOORE — In this city, January 30, 1902. George
W. Moore, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 77
years 4 months and 16- days.
MORRISON— In this city, January 30, 1902,
Hector F.,' beloved husband of Anna Morri-
son, and father of Mrs. ! W. H. Hunter, a
native of Scotland, aged 75 years. ' -
¦ and beloved son of Margaret Kelly, a native
of Baltimore, Md. - •
JCTFriendS and acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ Invited to • attend the funeral to-day*
.(Friday), at'-l o'clock, from hia- laU resi-
dence,' 2211 "Polk street, thenct to Bt."
Brigld's Church, where services will be held.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,\ -
KIEVE— In Yuma. . Arlss.. January 29. 1002.
Arthur Kleve, -beloved Bon of L. Kleve, and
brother of Joe Jay and Harold Kleve, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 10 years 11
months and 4 days..; . t
LARKINS— In this city, January 20. 1S02,: Ann
. Larklns, beloved wife of . the late Frederick
Larklns, and mother of James A., Arthur
H., Harriet E. and William Ar Larkrns and
: Mrs. .Jacob Boodt, a native of London, Eng-
¦ land, aged M years 8 months and 20 days. S
. JCTFrlenda and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
: February 1, ¦ at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
. parlors of Charles H." J. Truman & Co., 318
Mason street." between' OTarreir awa Geary.
, Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage. , - ; , "
LORD— In this 'city, January -29, 1902, Ed-
ward Lord, a native of.Athy. County Kll-
dare, Ireland, aged 65 years.
MoCANN — In - this city, January 20, 1902,
Roderick. J., beloved son of Arthur and the
, late . Catherine McCann, and brother of
Thomas, Ella, Rosle, Anna and Mamie Mc-
Cann, a native of, San Francisco, aged- 23
years. -•*¦'.•' ¦•'¦¦",' -. . - 1 ' ;• ¦ :SCENE AT DIOCESAN CONVEN
TION AND SECRETARY WHOSE
. WORK WON RECOGNITION.
. Attorney 'George" B. v Merrill .filed a suit
against. 'Andrew: J.~, Gurinison.V Andrew G.
Booth and Walter J. " Bartnett^ for $5000
yesterday. He claims the defendants owe
him that amount for legal services he ren
dered the law. firm of Gunnl3on, Booth &
Bartnett in the clebrated Blythe case.
Lawyer Sues for Large Fee.
The case .of Robert < Macbeth, .' charged
with ."practicing medicine* without a cer
tificate, was tried before ¦ a Jury in Judge
Cabaniss* court yesterday afternoon. Mac
beth's defense -was I that he I acted merely
as a clerk for Dr.: Alvey. '• The; jury con
victed him and he was ordered, to appear
for sentence next- Thursday.- ¦
Practices Medicine Illegally.
_The Friday evening concert at the South
Park Settlement will be held under the di
rection of Madame Ellen' Coursen-Roeckel
An unusually attractive programme * wil i
fr.^ ndere -? by Madame RoefkeLami -' her
mends and pupils. -l ;
South : Park Settlement.
*i^ ~ W £Z lmen>s suits ¦ worth $18.00 .for
8'S' ¦ .T?^ 6 are : st y 1Ish - 'i neat i suits, yet
54.6d ¦will buy them at the bankrupt cloth-
Now Is Your Time.
The Supreme Court yesterday affirmed
the judgment of *the. lower court' which
awarded $7000 damages to Edward Dolan.
an employe of Prince Ponlatowski's Sier
ra 'Railway . Company, who sustained se
rious Injuries in a train wreck. The court
held that the. rail way company had ; been
guilty >of .neglect In delaying repairs on
the bridge at which the accident occurred.
Wreck Victim Gets $7000.
We received during December" over 100
patterns of. entirely new things in; mold
ings which we have not had time to open
until now. L The beauty, originality and
moderate price of these moldings .will
please, every, .one having -. pictures v to
frame. On sale after this date. . Sanborn
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Pictures and Frames.
' The cases of M. B.Phelps, conductor;
August T. Deutschman, motorman, and
A. ' DI Cameron, timer," charged with man
slaughter in connection with the death of,
Mrs.^Mary Phelan on December 23 at Fill
more and Union streets, . when the car"'
rushed down the Fillmore-street hill, were
dismissed by Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
Detective Bailey, who had chatge of the
case, had to confess that he had been un
able, to get. any one to swear to a com
plaint • against ¦ the defendants.
No On© to Prosecute.' •
The letters of administration on the es
tate of the late Mary ' Kllroy granted to
Mrs. Clara Ellis were .revoked by. Judge
Sloss yesterday, and the woman was or
dered,,to turn over to the court all the
money left by Mrs. Kilroy, which was
drawn from the bank by her while serv
ing as. administratrix.'; There Is . $7000 on
deposit in the Crocker-Woolworth Bank,
but there is $12,000 yet to be accounted for.
Mrs. Ellis' removal is due to a suit insti
tuted by John Ab rook, who 'claims to
have Been Mrs. Kilrby's husband. .
Mrs. Ellis Removed.
¦ -;¦•: ing of Rates. . i -
The [San Francisco ' Gas ! and Electric
Company submitted a statement for 1901
yesterday to the Board ; of Supervisors
showing that its .revenue from gas was
$1,266,556 and from electricity $643,063 75 a
total of $1,909,619 75. ~. The • expenditure for
production of gas was $968,790 50 and o'f
electricity $573,389; total, '$1,542,180 06. The
profits were $367,439 69, of which $227.042 70
W , aS «i!P,f Id ln d »vidends. leaving a surplus
SfaSW 8 ?- T he^original cost of the
£|iS^agi 2 S:SB^
Sb? i i^ 8^ u^^ ln »--. w a^ 0 .\««»tiii
r^ 6 rey enue of the Mutual Electric
tlT&Vv o Wa f' ;« 119 .P|5. expenditures
io 5» i 2> ori^nal cost of plant $421,018 51
capital stock $500,000, of which $410,000 has
be en issued ; floating, debt $35,286 53. ™
JIartel Pow^r Company revenue $14 -
srn ™ senses $13,172 93. cost of plant
*>0,000, indebtedness $10,000. • - ¦ "
A'mio"*^ 1 L -'? ht and Power , Company rev
enue $128 485 69, expenditures $81.688 07. cost
of plant $238,600, floating debt $10,000
penditures Preparatory to Fix-
File Statements of Revenue and Ex-
, The Supreme Court handed; down a. de
cision yesterday .reversing the judgment
of '.the Superior/ Court of. Na,pa ; County,
which declared Frank Matthai "guilty of
manslaughter- in killing George - Stanley.
It is held that the trial Judge. in charg
ing the. jury -held certain matters, in. dis
pute to be facts and suppressed, a portion
of the evidence. ¦ , . - , ;,. ¦ . 5 ;,:
Stanley was attempting to work a mag
peste.mine, which, was claimed by. Mat
thai. His men wera ordered off; the place
one day and -he -himself returned the fol
lowing day to assert his alleged rights.
Matthai met him with a -shotgun and ¦ a
revolver. The .two men fought- for pos
session of the. gun- and - Stanley finally
wrested it from his opponent. Raising it.
above his head, he was apparently, about
to hit Matthai j when the latter, discharged
his revolver, killing Stanley, instantly.
A new trial is ordered and ' Attorney
Charles Heggerty. who "represents the de
fendant, states that the possibility of an
other conviction is very remote. ¦
George Stanley's. Slayer Proves That
.Trial Judge's Charge to Jury:
Was 'Erroneous. *
New firms elected to membership in the
asscciation are James. O'Brien, • A.
Schwartz. A. Gardner, Ferris & Haas,
Hadwen Swain Manufacturing Company,
Henshaw, Eulkley & Co., Empire Mill
ing Company, J. P. Brownlee, M. J. Fon
tana. William • Jackson • and the Pacific
Meter. Company. ¦•• •
.The matter of the proposed improve
ment of Van Ness avenue, between Pine
and Bush streets, was then' discussed.
The- board decided that .while it did not
wish to urge any proposed -improvement
against the wishes of a majority of the
persons directly affected, still this was a
matter which had been brought up re
peatedly by different parties for several
years* and that the best plan for deciding:
the matter' finally- would be to carry out,
if possible, the proposed experiment on
one. block and let the .'public generally
h*«ve an ocular demonstration^ of Just
what. the improvement would be. .-
A communication was sent to the Board
qf Supervisors requesting that the matter
of furnishing street signs for crossings b«
given early, and favorable consideration. .
¦ I** M. King, formerly assistant,, secre
tary .and" superintendent of the" Mer
chants' Association, was elected secretary
to fill the vacancy caused by the death ,of
J. R. Freud at the regular monthlymeet
ing of t the board of directors of the asso
ciation held last Tuesday evening.' Mrl
King has been connected with the organ
isation- in an official capacity for several
years and his work has been the subject
of frequent commendation on 'the part of
the members. He is thoroughly conver
sant with all details of the association's
tegular wcrk and projects, and his elec
tion is viewed with great satisfaction by
local mercantile interests. He has al
ready "commenced upon the duties of his
new office.!; • . • . ; ' :H,
' of J. R. Freud.
cancy Caused by the Death
L. M.King Is Chosen to Fill, the Va-
LIGHT COMPANIES TELL
V ,. OF 'THEIR EARNINGS
SUPREME COURT GRANTS .
•. ; - NET^ TRIAL TO MATTHAI
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
ELECTS NEW SECRETARY
• Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Allie Mabel Hopkins -against L L. Hop
kins for failure to provide, Alice Camp
bell against George A. Campbell for fail
ure to provide and' Isidore Simon against
Frances Simon for desertion. —
i Divorces . were granted yesterday to
John J. Ross from Kathryn Ross for de
sertion, Margaret Allen from George Al
len for neglect, Charles Rostain from- Ju
liana. Rostain for desertion, Regina Gold
stein from Solomon Goldstein for neglect,
Gertrude G. Lowry from. Forrest D. Low
ry for neglect and Odile Hestin from John
Hestin.for extreme cruelty. -
Unhappy Couples Separated.
I The Eighteenth Precinct of the Thirty
eighth District and the Fifth of the Thir
ty-seventh, : which were . recounted in
Judge Murasky's court at the commence
ment of the Supervisorial election contest
and held for a decision by the Judge, were
¦ footed up yesterday. As a result of the
court's . decision Alpers loses 8 votes, Eg
gers 10, Bent 9, Walsh 9 and Cognlan 3.
The Ninth of the Forty-fifth, the Four
teenth of the Forty-third, the Eighteenth
of the Thirty-eighth and the Fourth of
the Forty-fourth were counted yesterday.
In these four precincts Alpers sustained a
"loss of 22, Eggers 26, Bent 26, Walsh 12 and
Coghlan 10. The total, losses for the day
are: Alpers 30, Eggers 36, Bent 35, Walsh
21 arid Coghlan 18.. .Walsh, now leads Al
pers by 120 votes. v
Recount of the Ballot Pro
gresses.
Walsh Makes Steady Gains as the
ALPERS LOSES THIRTY
VOTES IN SIX PRECINCTS
.First, the convention extended its sym
pathy to the Pvev. Mr. W. J. Kip Jr. in
his continued suffering and, . acting
upon' the sugestion of Major Hooper, the
Bishop offered up a prayer for the recov
ey of the ailing clergyman. Then the Rev.
Mr. Foute moved and Rev, Mr. Sanford
seconded a resolution of sympathy with
the Rev. Dr. Spalding in his«indisposi
tion. The doctor had reported that he
had sufficiently recovered to undertake
light duties, and they felt -that a word of
greeting would be received by the rever
end' gentleman with much pleasure, be
sides giving him strength in his recovery.
The resolution was adopted with many
added expressions o'f sympathy. f
Major W. B. Hooper then presented a
recommendation from the finance com
mittee that the salary' of the secretary
of the convention be raised from $200 to
$300 a year. In submitting, the proposal to
the convention the speaker drew atten
tion to the invaluable work done by their
secretary, the Rev. Mr. M. T>. Wilson.
Bishop Nichols testified to the great, if
quiet, work achieved by Mr. Wilson. Only
those who 'were actually working in con-
Junction with the secretary, said he, had
the slightest idea of the arduous labors
No dry canonical rules were obtruded
to Interfere with; the deliberation which
brought out the good that is being done
daily by the clergy and laymen. •
Everyone present" at the convention at
St. John's Church was of Bishop Nichols*
opinion as to the very Interesting mat
ters that came up for consideration. It
was what might appropriately be. called
a humane meeting, for all the subjects
treated were of. charity, of brotherly feel
ing for the sick and infirm,, of suggestions
as how to best ameliorate the conditions
of the afflicted and the most feasible way
to reach the youths who have erred anu
who may be reclaimed.
THIS is one of the most interesting
meetings of the Diocesan Conven
tion," said Bishop Nichols yes
terday at the last session of the
year.
• In speaking. to the resolution "Robinson
took the opportunity to say. that it was
time that the convention was put' on the
right side of. the subject which instigated
the resolution. ' It was opportune, that
they, expressed themselves on the matter
with. a view, of preventing in the. future
disturbances such as have taken place. >
Bishop. Nichols acknowledged the im
portance of the matter before th'em. All
felt, said V the Bishop, "that arbitration
wa.f not fiction and. he. welcomed- the res
olution before the. house. . r. :¦: -¦¦;¦
Mr. Robinson's resolution was ' theii,
unanimously adopted.-- - . • ,% . , ¦>¦ -;
The .non-attendance a t the convention
of the Rev. Robert Ritchie, rector of St.
Pauls, Oakland, was a 1 matter'for regret
/and -especially, as threatened pneumonia
•was the cause, and that following an ac
cident. The Rev. Mr. Kelley moved that
•a message of sincere sympathy be ten
dered to Rev. Mr. .Ritchie. The. conven
tion acquiesced in the suggestion and^the
"Wherea^, It'- is the high : province of ' the
church to promote peace: and.
Whereas, The differences between capital and
labor, employer and employe, at various periods
in the recent history or' our community, Have
arrayed man against his fellow man, engen
dered much bitterness and 'occasioned much
financial loss: and, • ' .;• . r ' ¦ . •
Whereas, All such controversies retard pro
gress, are subversive of order and are ¦> gen
erally detrimental to the community in which
they occur; 'and. '..¦¦'
Whereas. Arbitration has been resorted to- in
similar Instances, with good effect; -be It
Resolved, That this convention places itself
on record as,' favoring the arbitration of such
controversies and to that end favors' the or
ganization of a State board of arbitration,
whose impartial' "character" shall commend • It
to those, who have such differences ' In order
that industrial peace and good will, once estab
lished, may- be maintained. Such board of ar
bitration to act conjointly with, or; independ
ently of, the national board \ of :arbltration
recently established, as may be- most .cx
redient. . . . ¦ •¦--.¦,
Arbitrate Labor Troubles.
of the office. There were men drawing
double that amount, and more, who did
not- even do half thewdrk that is done
annually by their secretary. The'resolu
tion was carried unanimously. •.
V. J. Robinson -presented the following
resolution: .
Bishop. Nichols remarked that they had
much indeed to bethankful for when they
considered those- who were unselfishly giv
ing their time and, monev for the great
cause of charity. It showed a fidelity
and firm trust in God. There was a fine
record of high devotion at the back of
them, consequently there was an unusual
record in' our institutional life.
Thus the vigorous Diocesan Convention
of 1902 was .brought to a close. There was
a hymn, in which all joined, and a prayer
offered by the Bishop and the convention
adjourned s!m> die.
In the matter of the Armitage Orphan
age Major Hooper gave some statistics
and accounts that delighted the assem
bly.. told of the remarkable health
of the youngsters, and also suggested the
protective care which he deemed- espe
cially necessary when the boys grew up
to, be of age, when they came to the city
to earn a livelihood. •. He showed how the
philanthropic women who were interested
had separately taken upon themselves the
payment of. the board of the boys. And
themit was that -the Bishop revealed the
generosity of Major Hooper, who, when
a rental, was' due on the orphanage an-1
they .found -themselves short, upon being
sent, to : immediately gave the necessary,
amount and; since then, over a, year and
a half -ago,- they had been In receipt of
$50 every month from the same generous
source." • ¦. o. . ¦- •,;•• . .•
That the Bishop of the diocese and the Rev.
Dr. F. W. Clampett, the Rev. D. O. Kelley
and the Rev. 'C. Hitchcock be appointed a
permanent committee to take charge of the
matter of visitation and of other work at and
for the hospitals; that the Bishop "be empowered
to nil any vacancy on this committee as may
occur; that the committee be known as the
hospital committee and that it report the pro
gress of its work at the annual . convention
through the committee on church charities.
Church Close to Sufferers:
The Rev. Mr. Hitchcock said that It
was necessary to bring the church work
close to the • sick and the dying in the
hospitals and presented the following res
olution, which was adopted: ¦
secretary will draw up the letter' of sym
pathy. ,.
The Rev. Charles Hitchcock presented
n:s report from the committee on church
charities, which showed the great amount
of work accomplished by those interested
in .those important subjects. The com
mittee proposed that the Sunday nearest
St. Luke's day should be known as Hos
pital Sunday. He . strongly urged and
commended the suggestion. •
The report showed the energy with
which all the church work in con
nection witH charities was main
tained. The .Maria Kip Orphanage, the
Armitage" Orphanage; the Old Ladles'
Home, the. Order of the Good Shepherd.
Tenant Home and St. Dorothy's Rest
Convalescent Home for Children were all
accounted for in a most interesting man
ner, the work done at each Institution
showing results which caused the con
vention to congratulate those in whose
hands the management and conduct of
the institutions rested:
The Board of Works was requested to
examine and ¦ report as to proper action
on the petition of property owners oa
Pacific avenue to repave certain blocks.
The clerk was directed to request the
city authorities of Minneapolis for data
regarding sign posts containing names of
streets erected in that city. ¦
The - Board of Works was directed to
remove the fences on San Miguel street,
Tara street and Lindell avenue and
Geneva street within sixty days. '
The committee recommended the con
struction of a park on the central strip of
Van Ness 'avenue, between Bush and
Pine . streets, after a number of property
owners had been heard. The ordinance
reducing the width of the sidewalks on
the block named to seventeen feet was
reported against. The "project is to be an
experiment, and if successful the entire
avenue will be improved.. • . .
The Bay and Coast Railway Company
received but small comfort from- the Su
pervisors' Street Committee at yester
day's meeting in its effort to retain its
franchise to enter the- city at Twenty
fourth and Illinois streets. Ordinances
had been referred to the committee
granting the company sixty days within
which to expend $25,000 in construction
work after a permit had been issued by
the Board of Works. Supervisor Curtis
wanted the ordinances indefinitely post
poned, but the committee deferred con
sideration two weeks. At the expiration
of this time, if- the company is not fully
prepared to demonstrate its ability to
carry out the provisions of its franchise
relative to expending $25,000 toward build
ing its tracks, the committee will report
against . any extension of time being
granted. - . .
Supervisors' Street Committee Re-
ports in Favor of "Parking"
Van. Ness Avenue. :
BAY COAST BOAS MUST
COMPLY WITH FRANCHISE
• Hoffman was 50 years of age and has
been engaged, in this kind of- work for
over twenty years. He was taken to the
Harbor .Hospital, but Dr. Murphy pro
nounced him dead and notified the Coro
ner. Hoffman was out of -work for. some
time prior to his present employment and
leaves .his large family very poorly pro
vided for. • ¦ < . .
Larry Kendall, the foreman in charge
of the work, said that he had taken every
precaution to insure the safety of< his
men and that to' all appearances the
broken timber was perfectly sound. This
timber is at present under, me wreck of
the piledriver. A knot, the, presence of
which could not be detected, from the
outside, is thought to have contributed to
the disaster. ¦;•¦'.. '¦•>•¦
Walter Hoffman', a laborer employed by
tha City,' Street; Improvement . Company,
was 'crushed to death, yesterday ¦ by the
capsizing of & piledriverat 40 East street.
Hoffman was, working _ on', the top plat
form at an elevation of about eighty feet,
>Wien one of the timbers • supporting ,the
structure/ gave -way. The. huge- frame
work, toppled over. The' structure col
lapsed when it struck the ground. Hoff
man was caught in the timbers ' and die J
almost instantly."; ! He leaves a j wife and
seven children, In destitute circumstances.
The piledrlver . was in operation on a
vacant lot on East street, between Market
and Mission. It was supported on a run
way constructed • of 12x12 timbers, and on
this apparently ' substantial foundation
the structure was moved from place to
place as occasion required.
The timber that carried away had been
used before and within the hour preced
ing the accident had supported the mov
ing, of, the heavy framework four differ
ent times. * The pilodriver was in . posi
tion to • pick up another pile when the
smash came. .Hoffman was on the top
most platform waiting for the pile to" be
hauled up under the hammer. Without
any warning the massrve timber sudden
ly gave way and over toppled the frame
work: I It struck the ground with terrific
force. The framework around the top
platform 'collapsed and 'by the time his
fellow workers reached him Hoffman was
breathing his last.
Walter Hoffman Crashes With
Fatal Result From His * ;
Lofty Perch. ' .
Capsizing Scaffold Car
ries Laborer *to His *
¦ ,• ¦ End. ¦¦¦¦'• : - :^-h
FALLS TO DEATH
WITH PILEDRIVER
FIRE CHIEFS
NARROW ESCAPE
Devotes Last Day of Session to Reviews of Ghurch Charities and
Passes a Resolution Favoring State Board -of Arbitration
to- Settle and Determine Labor -Disputes and Controversies
DIOCESAN CONVENTION ENDS
VIGOROUS AND USEFUL LABOR
Post-Street Car Dashes
Into His Buggy at
Grant Avenue.
Sullivan and Hi3 Operator
Thrown Out, but Are
Unirjured.
Chief ; Sullivan of the Fire Department
had a narrow, escape from" death last
evening., The accident - occurred at the
corner of Poet street and' Grant avenue-
Chief Sullivan, accompanied by bis tele
graph operator, was going to the fire at
Jones anfl McAllister streets.. At; the
corner of Grant avenue and Post street
electric car S'o. 714 ran into the Chief's
buggy, demolishing it and crippling the
valuable mare that Sullivan drives.
The motorman. is entirely to blame from
the accounts of these who were on the
car. Passengers claim that they heard
the Chiefs buggy half a block before the
collision occurred and supposed thajt the
motorman would only run to the corner
of Grant avenue and Post street and then
pull up. . He continued going, however.
Chief Sullivan was unable to hold his
horse and the accident resulted. The
Chief's horse was badly injured. Through
some miraculous chance Sullivan and his
¦telegraph operator, though both were
thrown out, escaped without Injury.
Immediately after the accident Chief
Sullivan telephoned for another horse and
buggy and was soon dashing to the scene
of the fire. ¦.-¦;
JH " K-TVED UHDZE EOBSES' HOOPS
Car Crashes Into Charles H. Taylor's
Truck and Throws Him From.
His Seat.*
Charles H. Taylor of 3377 . Twentieth
Btreet narrowly escaped being crushed to
death yesterday, about noon time. Tay
lor was in chare* of a truck bearing about
four tons "of timber and was on his way
¦with the load west on Larkin street, and
¦when crossing CPFarrell and Sills streets
an O'Ferrell street car came along at
great speed, crashing into the truck,
throwing it over and hurled Taylor on
top of his horses.
The animals began to kick. In trying
to rise Taylor was further Imperiled by
roling betwen them. Ji. crowd gathered
and the man was rescued from his dan
gerous position and taken into L. C.
Crackbon'e drug store, at the corner of
Larktn and O'farrell streets. An exami
nation w&s made and to his surprise Tay
lor's injuries were found to be not ser
ious.
The motorman, -who gave the name of
ShockJey. said he tried to put his brake
on, but found that it would not work. He
let the sand 'down but 'even then he could
not stop the car, and, as he said, "I had
to let her go at- something.*- The win
dows of the car were smashed.
Taylor declares that the car was travel
ing at a great rate of speed and that the
motorman did not at any time ring the
bell as a warning.
Hess Has Tricky Ways.
Frank Hess, an ex-soldier, was seen
running: down California street by Police
man McNaxnara yesterday afternoon,
hotly pursued by a Japanese. McNamara
grabbed hold of Hess and the Japanese
told him that Hess had tried to swindle
him. Just then Ernest Fuhrman of 321
Pacific street joined the trio and asked
McXamara to arrest Hess on the charge
of obtaining money by false pretenses.
He said Hess had got $12 from him last
month by pretending to procure a job for
him as a night watchman in a foundry at
Howard and Main streets. Hess was
locked up in the city prison and Fuhr
man swore to the complaint against him
before Judge Mogan.
Ballon Employes' Party.
The employes of the captive balloon
¦were the hosts at a banquet given to forty
friends last evening. The affair was held
in the rooms of the company on Market
street, near Twelfth. Owins to inclement
weather the balloon did hot make an as
cension. The. evening \ras pleasantly
passed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO vCALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3 1; 1902.
12
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
' Nearly everybody seen: s to be taking Prof. Mnn-
yen's C*ld Our* whenever a cola appears. It
relieves the head, nose, throat and long* to quickly
that a cold need no lonjrer be a forerunner of grippe
diphtheriaor pneumonia. . A vial of the Cold Cure
11 lilce a life insurance policy. Every one of his
remedies is as wre. Mostly 25 c rial. Guide to
*>''-' IBk. A' R ¦¦_' :'~?,~ J -
- - - Bionhaxt's Flaxseed Balsam •
.Will cura your cough/ BO cents at all druggists,.,
This flgsatore ia on every box of the geaol&6
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tabieu
tb» Ttm*£j Uutt core* • <*M la *o« 4**
'StrjCfrertrzi
DRMCNIILTY.
TU tS l V ,?^ K:^ O , VV * ?r AND KKLIABLE OLD
mllllU Wejiknew, Impotence and their
a.Ued Diwrders. Book on. Diseases of Men. free.
?.«w ifw P Cr. x ?'w eil "- 1^ rmi ' reasonable. Hour*,
toUonfreeandsacrcdlyconfld.mial. Call o^iddrew
I». AOHCOE MfXCLTY, ZI. D
2«JiKearoySt_, XanFrancixco.Cal.
-~~ — ~~~~— — ~^. "¦-'•--¦ > ~'"-- i > 1
1|W(^ Gentle'
Spring! ¦
fl'im^M^^' 5'^Xi W\^ "^Z such as w?
WwJ$^\Jn\ i ' Roya '^ lue '
Wimjj \'.}\\ y fi . ' Sizes 2j4 to 10 years.
1? 1902a
¦^iy' VyS^ J^^ B fo«ATEK> • Union SqCaucAvc,
f )^J\ ; Worth a J
¦ " B / *w^7 Fenn y • •
¦ Bi 1 ¦ 11 yk^ '/.'¦ if they>re not worth $ 3-° a
Hi \ '?lL/^S^>I That's the suit pictured here
v T*^yftB :— -l^ivl J^^ m P lcas5n tr- spring colorini^s
(^h plplliiigS^' 5 '^ an<^ full-weight fabrics; made
JflM ? with the I9 ° 3 ideas and in
* jlffliS wWi WS- f abrics that wcar like sheet -
IllrSS W v/IJl iron " Smart ' natt y« snappy ,
«l\» r fl 7 \W suits ior chaps between the "^
wwt / v i I age3 of 8 and i5 years> and
vau! Ij xA ( they're not worth a penny if
-. -^ -. ; 3"->W SEEL they're not worth $5.00, al-
• if Si iWlW though we have marked, 'em "
• '^^f^fjgj " ¦ j I IS You know the snappy
&~£r*&- liPLy styles for smart chaps are
. ' ;. ¦'¦ ' _ with Raphael's. We're show-
•\ 4 ]¦£*" • ing a11 the new s P" n S ideas • /
Vs^" • __. ¦-. '___¦ . ready - • _ y
. cor. lAearny "Street it
vv " Union Sqtiare Avenue J.
COMPANY'S EXTRACT of
Beef stands for health in the
home a.nd economy in the
kitchen
Get the genntoe S%
Liebig Com- f/_^^ j* •
t nature V *>$ %
DENTISTRY AT COST OF MATERIAL.
COLLEGE CLIMC FOft THE POOR.
Teeth extracted free and aU operatlona by
pradaate dentists of experience. Open Sundays
and evenings.
POST-GBADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
3 TAYLOR ST.. Cor. Golden Gate AVe.
ADVERTISEMENTS.