PRICE FIYE CENTS.
SAN FEANCISCO, TUESDAY,: FEBRUARY i 4, 1902;
VOLUME XCI — NO. 66.™
NEW YORK, i Feb. 3.— At the ." annual
midwinter.. 1 "carnival ; . of . "athletic^ sports,
held;by.:'the Knickerbocker Athletic,, Glub
in: Madison Square Garden to-night, v John
Flanagan ot the Greater 1 New; York : lrish
- Makes a World's 'Record.
- It is reasserted that-' the agreement: with
the brigands -was satisfactorily completed,
but it was- impossible 'to -fix a place for
the payment of the ransom* money. The
brigands ; were t| suspicious, \ evidently be?
lleving they/would not be allowed to get
away/ with the, money. -\ .
Returning, to Constantinople to* Make
;; New; Arrangements for .Miss j
'.'/ •¦¦; ¦';•¦ v > Stone's Release. ¦ •
FebV 3.— According , to .dis
patches .1 rom the drago
man of the 'American 'Legation and party"
have been ,' obliged vto abandon | for, .^ the
-present : their ,.' attempt .to ; secure the Ire?
lease [of ;Miss..Stpne, J and are returning to
'Constantinople for the ¦ purpose of making
newarfangements,-:.^.'x^'Si- : ' - ."
EEAREBS: OF'iRANSOM r ; ?
ABANDON THEIR TASK
Coaling : Stations on - Canal.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 3.— It is under
stood to be the purpose" of the State De
partment ; to make the cession of proper
coaling stations- on: the -Isthmus a condi
tion ! of I undertaking j to build an isthmian
canal. -This is one of the factors that will
be taken • into consideration in making the
final-choice of routes." ;•
picked up after being twelve hours In the
water. He is in a critical condition. •
The bark wrecked off the Scilly Islands
last evening j and; supposed to be a Ger
man .vessel turns' out to have 'been tho
Italian bark Lofaro.!. : S ., ¦¦'•'; ". ¦ ' ' .'
Ski Racing; at Holemekelen.
CHRISTIANIA; Norway, Feb. 3.— About
25,000 spectators, including rnany ; foreign
ers, among whom were several Americans,*
witnessed the ski racing. ati.Hole'rnekeleri.
GJoelme made the longest leap, 29& ' me
fart. *"'¦ ' v ' ¦-¦''»-'*." •** ¦ , . • ¦ '-,-.- - v.. ',< .A.^Vi 'i - J - ¦ - v J ¦¦¦: ';¦¦ :
The accompanying .illustration shows
the present: sinuous path of "the Central
Pacific Railroad •', over- the-' Sierras. The
bends: and, twists '.In v it are due .to the
grades which 'at places' now amount to
People "Will Protest. -
- With this tiniely' and friendly warning
from The .Call;. to the people of Placer
County concerning what is intended,
some measures may be put on foot- to
ascertain more definitely than the rail
road .people now care to make public
just'what communities are to' be deprived
of overland 'facilities and how all others
are likely to : be. affected. It is extremely
. probable '.that .the appearance of these
;/acts In' The Call will result in an active
crusade for "'definite information, consid
ering how. vital.* the matter ¦ Is to many
people whose money has been Invested In
:ahds, ,; timber, summer resorts in the
high Sierras, 'business "blocks and . in
many other ¦' ways, : ; under the natural
supposition that the historic line of the
,'60's would never depart from' its origi
a nal course. . ' They will be surprised ' as
much as . the . people of the Sacramento
jValley.would.be if the Sacramento River
over night' should . take a new bed to
¦ itself and leave' towns arid cities now on
its banks as inland . places. : '„ ', ,
p.gers of i the . road. 'In : the s traightenirig,
of route • and the lowering.' of" the
grade lies the , threat ; to mountain com
munities. " ' , . ; "'»' V ; :
From time to ' time the plans of the
Central Pacific ; have .been foreshadowed
In the press dispatches to this paper from
;the 'East. ;; Among j the; purposes. 'of the
rebuildersVof the Central Pacific is the
shortening.;' of the route as much as pos
sible, and: the sum of $20,000,000 is men
tioned in the dispatches as j the estimate
"entertained 5 in ; New .York "that will be
: required , to make'!- the Central overland
-{line as"- straight 'and as easy to operate
as possible/ v Bridging , the Great Salt
.Lake with trestles and tunneling through
; the mountains between Nevada ' and Cali-
] f ornla, .the '. total length of the*<- tunnels
running into- many-miles. :are among the'
: costly . - measures ; \that ' have been ; sug
gested and, sanctioned .by the new .'.man-'
,Placerville.".When*there was sornie ques
tion concerning rights of way ;the. people
of Placer .County rose. to. the importance
of the occasion and gave to ' the railroad
people what -they wanted to encourage
them to put their rails over the present
route.. '.Seemingly, that route was insured
jto the people of, the. county, for all time.
That- any ;of I the' ; towns -that i have" heard
daily the whistles 'and bells of the' over
hand trains should'some time be relegated
to silence and isolation has never, seem
ingly," until.' now •' entered the minds ot
any. Yesterday The Call ascertained that
such: relegation r' is", the intention of • the
present owners, of the Central Pacific
road. 1 - ¦"<-'"'¦;'¦ }¦'¦¦'<¦•¦ \ : ¦ •'; •¦• . >¦;¦»¦'•) ¦
Placer County Helped.
When the Central Pacific road was un
der construction the original Intention
was to, go over the Sierras^ by way, of
The importance to the entire county of
any radical, change may be appreciated
from the fact that tho four towns of Au
burn, Penryn, Newcastle and Loomls ship
to the East <me-f6urth of all the fresh
deciduous, fruits that annually go out of
the State of. California, and from the oth
er fact that the Central Pacific road is the
only one throughout the entire "length of
the county that gives the people of that
region through rail connection, with the
outside world.
Auburn is well down the grade, very far
below the elevation of the station at the
Summit, the latter being approximately
7000 feet above the level of the sea.
will be left off entirely, but ;.there is an
expectation, that the road. will, leave the
present, grade and go to what Is known
as the "old .town/' Now the. railroad sta
tion is up on the top of a ridge, and its
location has .been, a large factor in build
ing up the vicinity with handsome resi
dences .and some stores. The top of. the
ridge is about 150 feet above the old town;
For some -years "old town" and "pew
town" were the sources of very animated
discussion in Auburn. Whatever change
Is made In the line now will 'be of not
less- interest. . ' , - 0
MOVER IN THE. GREAT ENTERPRISE WHICH VITALLY CONCERNS THE CITIZENS OF ONE. OF THE MOST
IMPORTANT SECTIONS OF CALIFORNIA, '.AND j. THE PRESENT . RAIL OVERLAND" ROUTE AND SCENES
IN LEADING COMMUNITIES OF THE FOOTHILLS. .. _, . " : - - . j •- ><-,.,..... . ...
At Auburn discussion is at fever heat,
and the topic of all citizens is the prob
able direction that the Central Pacific
may be made to take. There is no fear
in Auburn that the pleasant city of .fruit
He is the sole survivor of the crew of
twenty-two men of the vessel, which was
capsized off Ushant. The Chanaral left
Nantes, France, January 20, and encoun
tered a heavy gale, during which three of
her boats were smashed. The same nlglit
her ballast shifted and the ship capsized.
The mate and five men had in the mean
while launched the remaining . boat, but
thiB also was capsized and the five men
were drowned. The mate clung to .the
boat's keel and righted her. The boat
was afterward overturned several times,
but thfl mate held on to her and was
Discussion Is Warm.
Already, according to the people of
Placer County, a line has been 1 run from
Newcastle to Loomis, a distance of about
nine miles. The' surveyors are as non
committal as their official chief In this
city, and whether the line they have indi
cated will be the final one they are not in
a position or at liberty to declare.
The people of the entire . county of
Placer from Auburn up to the boundary
line of Nevada County have recently been
greatly stirred by the appearance in .the
foothill region of a party of surveyors,
who have been driven down from the high
Sierra by the winter weather and^who
are utilizing their time in running lines
over the foothills.
II BILLIAM HOOD, chief engineer
I iof the Central Pacific Railroad,
||is authority for the statement
|§ that c-ertain California towns
EN now on the line of the road in
W& Placer County will be left off
|3 the line when the road is short-
H ened and put upon easier grades.
When asked to mention the
towns Mr. Hood said that, he was not
authorized to particularize at this time.
This reticence will be the source of great
anxiety when the confirmation of fear3
strongly entertained by the people of
Placer "County Is thus received from the
head of the construction department of
the Central Pacific road.. Mr. ,Hood was
asked particularly last evening whether
the great shipping towns of Auburn, Pen
ryn, Newcastle and Loomls would be af
fected. He returned the same answer,
namely, that he could not give out any
definite information. •
Athletic ' Association made a new world's
record by^ throwing the 56-pound weight
from a stand a distance of 2S feet 6 inches,
which ¦ beats the best previous record of
James S.' Mitchell, by thirteen Inches.
While no one appears to have any def
inite information concerning,,' the exact
route that will be. pursued when the sur
veys are completed.' with the exception of
the ) railroad people, : who will not talk,
there-is an impression among the people
of : Placer - County . that the - line may . sink
to the level of Doriner Lake, .which is now
far below the railroad. -From now on the
developments' will be* highly . interesting
to thousands ; of citizens of Placer Coun
ty particularly and generally to the peo
ple of the entire State. ;i v. ';- -
| ¦ Little apprehension Is • felt by the j peo
¦ ple in the lower altitudes of Placer
; County. More , is .experienced in the high
er /altitudes. , The - towns and stations
' along the Central ! Pacific line . In Placer
' County include • • Roseville, Rocklin,
'Loomls, Penryn.. _ . Newcastle,- Auburn,
; Clipper Gap, Applegate, Colfax, Callfor
;nia Mills, Dutch Flat, Alta, Towles,
3 Shady Run, Blue Canyon and Cisco.
The '-' surveyors'. hav» : ..teen ;oh the; sum
mit, and. reports from; them are undoubt
edly in the offices - of j the Southern Pa
cific Company In this city concerning
much of the contiguous line.' Not much
more can be accomplished at the higher
altitudes while -the winter lasts. The
work-in the foothills wlll.be all In the
same ¦ general ' direction. "'. One of . the alms
of Harriman and his. associates ia to do
away . with the snowsheds ¦ as /much as
possible. To do this of course the road
must' seek lower altitudes * than it now
runs- over. • • ••--,-*
Have Visited ! Summit.
the future.
I a maximum- of- 116 feet to- the- mile. The
understood purpose -of Harriman is to re
duce the maximum to 85 feet to the mile.
I The people of^ Col fax' and of" the several
•communities situated ; higher, up^.-.in ; the
! mountains', are naturally,, watching v 'th9
_ advance of the surveying parties t wfth
mingled emotions, but each will maintain
; hope that' it will not be damaged. 1 al
! though > it is morally " certain that some
"will r be. side-tracked and- off the line of
NEW YORK. Feb. 3.— The gale which
has been sweepirg the coasts of Long Isl
and and New Jersey for more than twen
ty-four hours and is continuing to-night,
though with abating force, has brought
death and disaster to sa'.lors and their
craft. Reports of loss of life are confined
to the eastern end of Long Island,
whence comes news that several bcdles
have been washed ashore. It was not
known up to 10 o'clock to-night what ves
sels the men who lest their lives came
from. They may -have been either on
targes towed by the tug Richmond,
sighted as passing Block Island without
tow, bound from New York to Newport,
H. I., or the tug Cuba, which passed
Block Island two hours later and which
l/?ft New London, Conn., yesterday for
Newport News, and w'as returning with
out tow. When leaving port the Rich
mond had three barges and the Cuba two.
Wreckage strews the shore in the vicin
ity of the Bellport, L. I., life-saving sta
tion, and one body came ashore east of
this station. One barge was thrashing
ebout the ship near Forge River station.
The finding of two other bodies was re
ported later from the same point.
Seamen Are in Peril.
The crew of the American merchantman
Schepp. a full-rigged ship, which went
«£hor« on Long- Boacfa, I*. I..~ shoals eaxljj
to-day, were in peril all day. Late re
ports to-night say they are still on the
stranded vessel, though the danger . of
ccath has been lessened owing to th?
slight abatement of the storm. A westerly
pale was blowing at the rate of seventy
miles an hour when the Schepp struck, at
S:30 o'clock in the morning. The men
from Captain Andrew Rhoades' life-sav
ing station, a mile to the cast, dragged
their mortar to the scene of the wreck,
reaching the Schepp about daybreak, and
found the seas breaking over her bow
and stern. She was about 1000 feet from
chore and tossing heavily with every
thrust of the powerful breakers. Nearly
every spar on her was twisted or broken
Several of the crew could be seen on deck
running to and fro in apparent efforts to
keep from freezing to death. The life
tavers of Captain Rhoades' station and
those of the Long Beach station, under
Captain Van Wycklen, made several at
tempts to shoot the lifelines over the
fchepp, but the afternoon' s efforts were
not successful. They then tried to launch
the lifeboat, but this, too, proved impos
sible.
Vessels Blown Ashore.
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 3.-The wlnd
e'torm which began yesterday afternoon
er.d which reached a velocity *cf fifty
EiMes along the Southern New Jersey
coast and in the vicinity of the Delaware
Ijjeakwater has greatly diminished, and
to-night !s blowing at a :ate of about
twenty miles an hour.
Reports from the South Jersey coast
end Delaware River points indicate that
the vessels that were exposed to tlie gale
•weathered the storm fairly well. Two ves
ecIs are ashore on Brigantine shoal, a
short distance north cf Atlantic' City, and
two steamers are reported aground in
I3ela\rare Bay, about fifty miles below
this city. The British steamer Claver
<?a!e. from Asiatic ports for New York,
•which grounded on Brigantine shoals yes
terday, is still fast. The wind and sea
ere' unfavorable, and during the last
twenty-four hours she : has been swung
erour.d by the elements until she now lies
broadside on. deep in the sand. Wrecking
lugs are with her.
The schooner Edith. L. Allen, which
went ashore during the night on the same
Khcal within a short distance of the Clav
crdale, is also fast in. the sand. The
tchooner. which was bound from Bruns
wick for New York with lumber, was mis
led by the lights of the Claverdale and
the tugs that were around her. and be
fore the captain saw his mistake the Al
len touched bottom.
Advices to the Maritime Exchange say
the British steamer Europe, from Liverpool
for Philadelphia, is reported aground In
- Delaware Bay, six miles below Reedy Isl
and, and the British steamer Drummond.
from Philadelphia for St. Thomas, is re
ported fast in the mud in Delaware Bay.
Wrecks in English Channel.
LONDON. Feb. 3.— After tossing help
lessly in the English Channel for sixty
flve hours the Dover-Ostend passenger
steamer Marie Henriette was towed Into
Ostend this morning.
The gale is abating. In view of the
severity of the weather the number of
casualties thus far reported is compara
tively small.
News has Just been received that the
Bteam trawler Anlaby, with a crew of
twelve men, belonging to Hull, had been
lost In a snowstorm off Iceland.
The first officer of the French shiy
Chanaral was landed at Falmoutn to-dajr.
3?rom the English" Channel Also Come
Reports of a Series of Wrecks
and Mishaps Among
Shipping.
Bodies Are Washed Ashore on
the Eastern End of Long
Island.
Death and Disaster in
the Wak 3 of Atlan
tic Storms.
GREAT GALE
IS SWEEPING
THE COASTS
- NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— Two men were
severely wounded this afternoon by a
heavy blast of , dynamite from the
site of the old A. T. Stewart man
sion. Thirty-fourth street and Fifth ave
nue. The men hurt are Morris Ha rnett, a
watchman employed by a firm of build
ers, whose' skull was , fractured, and
Ferdinand Holly, a furniture designer,
who ; was painfully cut in the thigh by a
piece of • flying rock. : A building fore
man who had charge of > the blast was ar
rested.
Workmen Are Injured by a Blast.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— While driving
his fast trotter Gold Pebble on the White
lot; General Miles met with an accident,
his . sleigh colliding with the rear of an
other and being overturned. General
Miles was thrown % to the ground, but
clung to the reins and managed to con
trol the frightened animal, although he
was dragged about fifty yards over the
icy ground. The cutter was" then righted
and the general drove away. To-night he
was suffering no ill effects from the acci
dent. ,
While Driving Fast Trotter.
General v Mests With an Accident
MII*ES' SLEIGH OVERTURNED
President Roosevelt devoted nearly the
entire day to the consideration of the case
of Rear Admiral Schley. He had a con
ference with Secretary of the Navy Long:
Rear Admiral Evans, who commanded
the Iowa at the battle of Santiago; Rear
Admiral Taylor, who commanded the In
diana; Captain Clark, who commanded
the Oregon, and Commander Richard
Walnwright, who commanded the Glou
cester. The President saw these officiate
In the Cabinet room for several hours. Ha
took them to luncheon with him, where
the discussion was continued, and they
remained with him for an hour or so after
leaving the table. The President is de
sirous of taking action on this case and
having It known as speedily as possible.
He desired to talk with the commanders
of various ships -that participated in the
battle with Rear Admiral Schley, and
clear up in his own mind any doubts that
have lodged there because of the conflict
ing character of the testimony. It is
stated that when the President does reach
a decision" a full statement "will be made
public through the office of the Secretary
of. the Navy.
Considers Schley's Apeal.
No explanation is offered as to w'py
Miles would do this when the board al
ways receives its instructions from the
Secretary of War. Then, too, the board
has practically completed its work and ia
now engaged In the preparation of its re
port-to the Secretary. This report will
state the sites selected for camps, one In
the East, one in the South, one in the
West and one on the Pacific Coast.
The President expressed in his annual
message a belief that troops . could be
placed in camp, marched from one point
to another, there embarked on transports
and taken to some other point, disem
barked and marched to another camp. As
the general board had before It the selec
tion of sites for four great military campj
of instruction, it is said Miles, who is
president of the board, probably went to
the White House to discuss that subject
with the President.
One army officer said the President be
ing much Interested in the preparation of
plans for mimic warfare between the
army and navy forces. Miles had gone to
him to suggest that the general board
In Washington to determine the ques
tion of army posts, which has practically 1
concluded its work, be directed to work
out a plan for the training of troops to
embark and disembark on transports. •'..
Interested in Army Plans.
It was rumored thl» afternoon that Miles
had requested the President to retire him
under the provision permitting: an officer
to retire on bis own application after thir
ty years' service. This, however, "is au
thoritatively denied, and the only Indica
tion it related 'in any way to the visit
some weeks. ago, at the time Miles was
reprimanded, is that to-day's talk was
partly personal, and did not refer entire
ly, to official matters before the War De
partment.
Several days ago Miles requested the
President to make an appointment to see
him privately, and It was not until to
day, when the President received Miles in
the Cabinet room, that he learned what
the latter wanted to say.
T CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— There was
a conference at the White House to-day
between the President and Lieutenant
General Miles, about which the utmost
secrecy prevails, as Miles and the White-
House officials decline to discuss it.
Special Dispatch- to The Call.
troversy.
Chief Executive Also Devotes Soni#
Time to Important Witnesses
in the Schley Con-
Secret Conference With the
President Gives Rise to
- ¦
Various Surmises.
Army's Commander Is
Said to Seek Private
T '¦P
RETIREMENT
OF GEN. MILES
IS RUMORED
CENTRAL PACIFIC ROAD IS PREPARING TO LEAVE
PLACER COUNTY TOWNS OFF THE OVERLAND LINE
Mountaineers v Say Their
Means Helped Original
Builders Over G ades
Great Uncertainty Exists
Concerning Exact Plan
of the Reconstructors
CHIEF ENGINEER HOOD CONFIRMS NEWS THAT IS OF LEADING
INTEREST TO MANY COMMUNITIES UPON THE SIERRAN SLOPES
Surveyors Forsake Sum
mit to Work in Region
of the Fruited Foothills
Storms of Winter Compel
Workers in the" Field
to Seek Lcwer Levels
The San Francisco Call.SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 3.— At the City
Trustees' meeting to-night the question
of reducing water rates brought up »
pointed argument between President Fos
ter of the water corporation and W. T.
Sale of this city. The company was re
quested to present within two weeks an
Itemized account of its expenditures and
receipts so that the question of rates
could be passed upon. ;
Water Rates Question Comes Up.
LONDON, Feb. 3.— At a mass -meeting
held in Exeter Hall . to-night General
Booth, the leader of the Salvation Army,
opened a special temperance campaign as
a featuie of the work of the army during
the present year. x General Booth said he
relied confidently upon the co-operation of
saloon-keepers in this work through their
indicating the habitual drunkards, inso
much as the supplying of habitual drunk
ards with liquor endangered the publicans'
license and that he intended to compile a
drunkards' directory In each town and
follow the habitual drunkards home and
reform them there.
London to Aid Him. in His
Work.
Relies TTpon the Saloon-Keepers of
GENEBAL BOOTH OPENS
A TEMPERANCE CAMPAIGN
CHICAGO, Feb. 3.— A man giving his
name as Edward P. Fake, also known aa
William Gibson, said to be engaged to
marry the daughter of a Cleveland mil
lionaire and whose mother is said to be
the owner of property in New York, Chi
cago and California, is under arrest here,
charged with burglary. The police claim
to have discovered his identity through
a- letter dated last October at Los Ange
les, Cal., from the young man's mother.
Fake, with eight others, Is charged with
committing numerous "silk-hat" burg
laries. The police say he has admitted
some of them. <Fake and his comrades,
it is said, worked in silk hats and dresa
suits and traveled in a closed carriage to
avert suspicion.
Dressing Stylishly and Traveling
in Closed Carriage.
Averts Suspicion for Long Time by
CHICAGO POLICE ARREST
A "SLLK HAT" BTJKGLAB
Army orders— Captain James C. Bush of
the .artillery corps is assigned to duty
with the recruits from Fort Slocum, N.
Y., en route to the Philippines via San
Francisco.
Washington— Original— William John
ston, Bothell, $6; John H. Atwood, Day
ton, $6. Widows — Minors of David M.
Simmons, Earl, $16.
These pensions were issued to-day:
California— Original— C. Herrman Rodig,
Elcajon, $8. War with Spain— Walter R.
Hanna, San Francisco, J8; John P. Di
mond, Fresno, $6; John D. Jones, New
hall, $8; Edward England, Los Angeles,
$12; James S. Kline, Los Angeles, $15;
Charles B. Beach,- dead, - Dows Prairie,
$12-
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.-Postofflces
established: Washington— Kanaskat. Kin£
County, Walter P. Parsons, postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California —
David J. Ritchie, Fields Landing. Wash
ington—Josephine Depuy, Aguarium; Wil
liam L. Richards, Beech. Postmasters ap
pointed: California— M. A. Stokes, Flor
ence, Los Angeles County, vice J. A.
Wright, resiened.
Service and New Pensions Are
Granted.
Several Changes Hade in the Postal
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Foraker of Ohio believed it might re
quire impeachment proceedings to remove
Judge Noyes, but Teller .contended that
the President had ample power to remove
a territorial Judge. He believed there was
no question about it. He declared the
actions of Judge Noyes had been a "cry
ing shame," and asserted that "a "recital
of his outrages would startle the Ameri
can people.'.'
Tillman read the article, which indicated
that Judge Noyes and his associates are
drawing large salaries ' from the United
States while the case against' them is
pending in the courts. One of the men,
according to the article, who is serving
his sentence, continues to draw his* salary.
Tillman made running comments upon
the statements In the article, directing all
his sarcasm, ridicule and invective against
Judge Noyes, finally inquiring:
"By the way, whose business Is it to re
move this man?"
Taking advantage of the latitude of de
bate offered by the Senate rules, Tillman
directed attention to an article in the
Washington Post, published to-day, rela
tive to the case of Judge Arthur H. Noyes
of the District Court of Alaska, who was
fined $1000 recently by the Circuit Court at
San Francisco, and of associates of Judge
Noyes, who were involved with him.
Noes — Bacon, Bard. Berry. Blackburn, Burn
ham, Burrows, Carmack, Clapp, Clay, Culber
son, Cullom, Deboe, Dietrich, Dilltngham. Dol
liver. Fairbanks, Frye, Gibson, Hale, Harris,
Hoar, Jones (Arkansas), Keane. Kearns, Lodge.
McLaurln (South Carolina). McMillan.. Mallory.
Martin, Mitchell. Money, Morgan. Nelson. Pat
terson, Pettus. Platt. (New York), Pritchard,
Proctor. Simmons, Spooner, Tallaferro, Teller,
TUlman, Wellington — U.
Ayes — Burton, Clark ("Wyoming), Dubois,
Gallinger, Gamble, Hansbrough, IJawIey. Heit
feld, Klttredge, Quarles, Quay, Stewart,
Turner, Warren, Wetmore — 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— In the Senate
to-day the measure providing for an In
crease in the salaries of United /States
Judges was under discussion for an hour.
In the course of debate the case of Judge
Arthur H. Noyes cf the District Court cf
Alaska was drawn upon to show why
tome Judges should not be given the in
crease.
The pending amendment was that of
fered by Stewart, increasing the salaries
of Senators and members of the House or
Representatives to $7500 annually, begin
ning on March A, 1903. Af te* a brief discus
sion the amendment was rejected by the
following vote:
"From the beginning," said Carmack,
"we know that Aguinaldo was fightmg not
for a change of masters, but for absolute
freedom, and General • Anderson had as
sured Aguinaldo that the American peo
ple never had established colonies and
that he could trust in Jhe honor of the
American people. These^facts constitute
a binding obligation upon us to give them
their Independence.** 'm
He would, he said, haul down the Amer
ican flag wherever it waved as an emblem
of force and despotism. He charged that
the United States had been holding a
false and delusive hope to the Filipinoa
and that we were killing those people for
the satisfaction of their souls and build
ing up' the church of God out of human
bones.
With great earnestness he declared that
If the President of the United States had
properly characterized Aguinaldo and hia
associates as bloodthirsty Apaches then
Admiral Dewey and those who secured
Aguinaldo's help and assistance cotfld not
escape the charge of deliberately, violating
the laws of civilized warfare and he hopea
the charge against Admiral Dewey would
be investigated.
Referring to the Republican supporters
of the present Philippine policy Carmack
said:
"You lift your hanrT.-? in holy, horror at
the lynching of a colored man in the
South and yet you are engaged In lynch
ing 10,000,000 people who recently were
your allies and your brothers In arms and
who have committed no crime except the
crime upon which this Government was
founded."
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— Another spir
ited debate with the Philippine tariff bill
as the text was precipitated In the Sen
ate to-day, as the result of some state
ments made by Carmack (Democrat) or
Tennessee in the course of an extended
speech on the general Philippine question.
It was the Tennessee Senator's first
speech In the Senate and he was given
notably good attention on both sides of
the Senate. Carmack said the bill had
been framed by the Philippine commis
sion, a body 10.CC0 miles away, and not a
change in it had been made by Congress,
Amendment to Increase the
Salaries of Congressmen
Defeated.
Says Aguinaldo Was Assured
He Could Trust in Our
Honor.
Actions of the Alaskan
Official- a "Crying
Shame."
He Declares They Are
Fighting to Gain Ab
solute Freedom.
SENATORS TALK
OF JUDGE NOYE5
CARMACK'S PLEA
FOR FILIPINOS
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnine ¦ ; Tablets. All
druggists refund the money at it falls to cure.
E. W. Grove' a signature Is on each box, 25c.
To /Cure. a Cold in One Day
cs Cured Without the Knife.
. I,..-.--. i:Ua«J. Rw«J»ns or froirudlrurPiie,
. U*. *•> »':••}. Ml drossciMs are authorized
.. ,.,.i!H,u rt> .,r-p Mu Ointment to ,«?¦£*
. ......y Xftartfi ii sail* to cure ar.y case of pii es
, tS :¦ atnr of «ow lcng standing. Cures ordinary
i »-.*..* in tlx «ioyf: cases fn fourteen dav/
ui.t application elves eaee and rest. Relieves
lvcii.ng Instantly. This in a new discovery and
is the only pile remedy cold on positive guar
antee, ro cure no pay. A, free sample will be
cent by mail. to any one rending: name and ad
drees. Price. 50c. -If your druggist don't keep
It in Etrck send 50c in stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mall. Manufactured bv
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Louis, Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated - cold cure
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Feb. 3.— Miss
Agnes Inglis, a sophomore student in i he
medical department of. the University! of
Michigan, committed suicide here this af
ternoon; . She was a i daughter ; ; of Dr.
David Inglis," a prominent physician \ot
Detroit, and, was 25 years of age." The
young .woman was an unusually bright
and promising student, • and had already
made a; name for herself among her pro
fessors. She was prominent in athletics,
being coach of \the ..• freshmen 'basketball
team, and taking great interest in gym
nasium work, -i No motive for the. deed
has been discovered, but it is. known that
she was ; subject at times to great mental
depression. VAt such time* she has often
threatened; to take her life. ' Worry over
examlnaton does not seem to be the cause,'
for «he i passed with high marks - all she
had taken up to this time. After examin
ation she went downtown, returned to. her
room ; and shot ¦ herself, the bullet ; pene-
the Examination.
Having Successfully Passed
Shoots Herself Near the Heart After
YOUNG WOMAN STUDENT
' TAKES HER OWN LIFE
SAN JOSE. Feb. 2.— John Morgan, a
rancher In the .foothills south ¦ of Moun
tain View, was attacked by a large moun
tain lion last Friday, and the beast pur
sued him to his cabin, a distance of 100
yards. The rancher was hunting , for
small game, when he noticed a large lion
making Its. way through some thick brush
toward him. Morgan raised his shotgun
and fired at the animal. The birdshot
struck the lion in/the body, but this only
made it . the more furious. , It ; sprang " at
Morgan, who dodged and -then ran for
his cabin. " The lion followed him,- and
when - Morgan . reached a place of safety
the beast was almost upon his heels.
Later in the day Morgan went to Moun^
tain View and with Constable "Martin or
ganized a party and started a . hunt for
the lion. They were unsuccessful.
Mountain View Resident Wins a
Thrilling Race.
BANCHEB CHASED BY LION.
Ol;ATZ. Austria. Feb. 3.— An avalanche fro-n
. .nt l^ljratch has partially o\erwhelnted th«
:>.Ki- <¦'. iMe'.bersv near the town of Vlliaoh
. :: I «r.nf, person* have been killed
Tschigortn • defeated Tarrasch; Marshall
and Albin drew: Wolf disposed of,R(*eeio-
Meises beat Mortimer;- Schlechter and
Teichmann.drew; Popielde' defeated Mar
co ; and Napier won from Elsenberg
It was announced that "both Blackburn
and Taubenhaus had withdraw^ from the
tournament. >¦ .. ' • • .
Maroczy had beaten Pillsbury (Petroffs
defense, 33 moves) ; Janowski had disposed
of Gunsberg; Napier had the better game
against Elsenberg; and Wolf had a supe
rior position In. his' game with Reggio. \ -
In the afternoon, and evening sessions
these results were 'scored: _¦ •• -
At the first adjournment, at 1 ; o'clock
this afternoon, the following results had
been recorded: • .'•.•..
MONTE CARLO, Feb. 3.— Round 16 of
the Berger tables served for the pairing of
the first round of the International Chess
Masters' tournament, which was begun
hereto-day. ...
Chess Masters' Tournament.
KANSAS CITY, 1 Mo., Feb. 3.— General
Frederick Funston to-day was subjected
to the; surgeon's knife. The operation' was
performed at Scarrltls' Hospital under the
direction of Dr. E. Fr Robinson of this
city, with whom t)ie general has been In
correspondence since his . landing at San
Francisco from Manila a month ago.
After General Funston arrived here from
the West last week and had sought^a con
sultation with Dr. Robinson, it was stat
ed that another operation would not be
necessary. »Within a day or. so, however,
the wound of the original operation for
appendicitis had not healed as the phy
sicians believed it should and the second
operation was decided upon. Before the
operation was performed to-day Dr. Rob
inson stated that It would prove a minor
affair. Later he stated that the general
had undergone the ordeal in a satisfac
tory manner and that he believed the
outcome would be what had been de
sired. It would "be necessary, however,
fdr the patient to remain at the hospital
for probably two weeks.
- "I anticipate no serious complications,"
said Dr. Robinson, "and believe that Gen
eral Funston will be fully recovered with
in two weeks. The. operation involved the
reopening of the old wound, its " free
drainage and partially closing it." '
The operation was made necessary 'by
the presence of an abscess, the result of
the operation for appenditicis performed
at Manila, September 25,: 1901.
It was a good mile and a >half to their
home and as the '.women saw tlje lion
start after the buggy the'y let the horses
run. The lion followed until the barking
of the house dog frightened it away. ;
Mrs. Le Forgee had some fresh meat in
the buggy which she had purchased in
town, and this is probably what caused
the beast to become so daring. During
the last few days a heavy snowfall on
the Coast Range has caused lions and
coyotes to quit their mountain fastnesses
for the more agreeable temperature on
the lower slopes.
GERMANTOWN, Feb. 3.— Mrs. F. M.
Le Forgee and Mrs. A. Houseworth were
pursued by a mountain lion as they were
returning to their homes in the western
part of Glenn County on' Friday. They
had been to Germantown to \ do some
trading and on their return, just as they
entered the low foothills, . something
frightened their team. Both women
turned at the same Instant and saw
emerging from a gulch not many rod3
distant a huge California Hon. The
horses saw the animal at the \ same time
and it was with extreme difficulty that
the team, as it dashed away at the top
of its speed, could be managed at all or
kept in the road, which at that point Is
very rugged. , : -. ¦
Suedal Dispatch to The Call.
Submits to the Surgeon's
Knife at Kansas
City. \.
Glenn County Ranchers'
Wives Have a Race
for Life. -
MOUNTAIN LION
PURSUES WOMEN
FUNSTOK AGAIN
OPERATED UPON
BOYERTON, Pa., Feb. 3.— Four persons
were killed and one fatally injured by an
explosion of gasoline to-night in the bak
ery of George Carver. The dead: '
HENRY SHANER, 38 years old.
FRANK SHANER, hia son, aged 13
years.
GEORGE GORMIN, aged 35 years.
CHARLES HOUGH, aged 13 years.
The Injured: George Fry, injured in
ternally.
Bakery at Boyerton, Pennsylvania,
Is the Scene of a Dis
aster.
GASOLINE EXPLOSION :
CAUSES FOUR. DEATHS
and Nine Victims Are
S V Removed.
AUSTIN, Tex., Feb. 3.— A dispatch from
Sabinas, Mexico, says the work of re
moving the dead from the Hondo coal
mines has been progressing all day. Some
"of the chambers have not yet been en
tei^df owing' to the fact that they are
blocked and filled with debris. The total
number . of dead bodies so far removed
reaches 109. It is thought there are but
few more dead in the mines. The state
and federal authorities have ordered an
investigation as to the cause of the dis
aster.
So Far the - Bodies- of One : Hundred
REMOVING THE DEAD
'TROTH THE HONDO MINES
LAS VEGAS. N. Hex., Feb. 3.— News has
been received here that seven bandits entered
the Peccs Mercantile Company's 6tore at Fort
Sumner. H. Mex., and shot Felipe Beaubien
dead, beat Francisco Zamora senseless, stole
S600 worth of jroods. robbed the postoffice and
escaped.'
BRITISH MINISTER ' WHO IS
ACTIVE AT THE NETHER
LANDS CAPITAL.
tratlng near the heart. She then opened
her door, walked out Into the" hall and
fell in a swoon. She died half an hour
later, without recovering consciousness.
Accused of Poisoning Her Husband.
3 BOZEMAN, V Mont., Feb. 3.— The trial of
Mrs. Lucy Black, who is charged with
poisoning her husband, a wealthy ranch
man of the Gallatin Valley, was com
menced in the District Court here to-day.
Few cases in the criminal history of Mon
tana have furnished more of a sensation
than this one. * . Mrs. Black is charged
with having administered poison to her
husband October 4, and for- each day from
then until and including the 10th day of
October, 1901. John Black, the man al
leged to have been murdered, was one of
the best known ranchmen in Central Mon
tana and was reputed to be worth over
$100,000. ,
Succeeds jto Wells' Former Post.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3.— The vacancy
in the operating department of the Santa
Fe, caused by the promotion of Arthur
G. Wells to the position of general man
ager, haa been filled by the .appointment
of F. J. Shepard as general superintend
ent of the western end of the Santa Fe
system. The appointee is at present con
fidential clerk to Third Vice President J
W. Kendrick and. was formerly private*
secretary to Mr ft Kendrick during the lat
ter's connection* with the Northern Pa
cific. Shepard has left Chicago for this
city to assume the duties of his office
SANTA ANA, Feb. 3. — Andrew Carnegie has
offered to donate $15,000 for the erection of a
public library, here. • - ¦
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 3.— The Rev. J. E
Roberts, pastor of the Church of this
World of this city, it is ' said, ; is to be
the head of the Agnostic church and as
sume the mantle of Colonel Robert G.
Ingersoll, if the plans of the trustees of
the organization here are successful. They,
have decided to expand the local • church
so that agnostics all over the world will
be included in its . membership . and Dr.
Roberts is to be sent to every part of the
United States' to organize churches. Dr.
Roberts was a' close personal friend of
Colonel^ togersoll. , : * ; ; - ''" - - : - •
lect Kev. J. E. Boberts to Head
the Organization.
Trustees of the Agnostic Church Se-
TO ASSUME THE MANTLE
OF COLONEL INGEESOLL
THE HAGUE, Feb. 3.— The British
Minister to The Netherlands, Sir
Henry Howard, had a long con
ference to-day with the Minister
of Foreign Affairs, Baron von
Linden, and the Premier, Dr. Kuyper, at
the latter's residence, on the subject of
the* notes exchanged between the Dutch
and British Governments.
In the First Chamber to-day Baron von
Linden, replying to a question, said noth
ing could yet be divulged regarding the
contents of the Dutch and British com
munications on the subject of peace in
South Africa, the British Government
having expressed a desire for a simul
taneous publication in London and The
Hague. The governments were then dls-
cussing the time of their publication.
LONDON, Feb. 3.— In the House of Com
mons to-day A. J. Balfour, the Govern
ment leader, announced that he hoped the
Dutch communication regarding South
Africa and the British reply would be laid
on the table Tuesday.
A South African casualty list published
this evening includes the name of the Karl
of Munster (Geoffrey George Gordan Fitz-
Clarence), who was accidentally killed at
the Lapo mines February 2. . The Earl was
a major of the Third Battalion of/Royal
Scots. Lothian Regiment. He was born
in 1859.
WELLINGTON, N. Z., Feb. 3.— A thou
sand Maoris have, volunteered to-do-gar
rison duty anywherdl in the British do
minion with the object of relieving a like
number of British troops for service In
South Africa.
STOCKTON, Feb. 3.— George Maracci.
who was robbed within a block of the
police station several nights ago, was as
saulted again to-night and his skull frac
tured. Maracci received a telephone mes
sage asking him if he could describe the
man who lirst robbed him. He gave a
fair description of the thief and was told
by the man at the other end of the line
to meet him on American street and he
could further enlighten him. Maracci did
so and two men jumped out of an alley
and struck him down with a club. He ia
in a precarious condition in St. Joseph's
home, but the physicians hope to save
his lite. The police have no clew to the
thugs.
George Maracci, Assaulted for the
Second Time, May Succumb to
Injuries.
STOCKTON THUGS LITRE
VICTIM BY TELEPHONE
To prevent the demolition of the coffins
and tfie mutilation of the bodies of Ed
ward and John Biddle, which in all prob
ability would follow their burial if the
epot were generally known, Harry Biddle
,has arranged a secret plan to dispose of
his brothers' remains without letting the
public know when cr where the interment
will take place.
Detective McGovern Raid. "Kill all the
raecals" and pointed his gun at me. Detective
tSwinehart called to him to have mercy on me;
that I was only a woman and not to shoot me.
The horse turned into the field and made a
.ircle into the road again. That was all I
lemeir.ter. Detective Swinehart ran to me and,
trailing to me. he asked it I was hurt and I said
1 was ehot. He raised me up and held my head
on his knees. Then I felt myself fainting and
th< next thing I knew I was in the sleigh.
We were forced to leave the jail before our
arrangements were complete. I learned on
Wednesday that the bars on the doors on the
o«"lls on that range were to be inspected on
Thursday. I knew the sawed bars on Ed and
Jack's cell would be found. I gained admit
tance to the Jail and conveyed this information
to the boys. We then agreed to go that night.
I d:d not intend to go with them. They were
• to make their flight alone. I intended to go to
chc country for a few days and then meet them.
Detective Saves Her Life.
1 hen we soon reached Mount Chestnut, and
rtting something to cat. started out again,
was feeling ill and was frightened. Th.
dovs learned that the detectives were after us
and they consulted about defending themselves.
Ed raid to Jack. "It is a life for a life; lets
ehoot them down." The boys drove on. They
were bewildered about the whereabouts of the
detectives. They thought the Pittsburg de
tectives were behind them. When they taw
them appear Ed told Jack to get ready. He
•recognized Detective Koach. Detective McGov
ern got out of the sleigh and was followed by
the other two. I saw McGovern fire. Th«s
ehots were returned by Ed and Jack. Then
there v.as a fusillade of bullets. I saw Ed
and Jack fall out of the sleigh. I was -shot.
The hcrse tooic fright and ran away.
Ed asked me to come with them. "Come
v.ith us," he said to me. I resisted and tolJ
them to go. Xhey told sse they had not au
instant to lese And if the officers got away i
would be discovered. I tried to persuade theii
to go. Then I felt myself giving way to Ej s
jj*!>uat=iGiis and yielded. We all dasned out o.i
K.O&& street. We then passed alone the court
alley. Ed and Jack went along Urant street
and crossing the river we met in Allegheny at
their friend's house. Well, we could not re
main there and we were soon out on the road
again. We secured a sleigh and drove through
the country all nigrht. The night was bltttr
cold. There was no r. be in the sleigh and I
Buffered terribly. When daylight came I was
nearly perished by the cold. The next day
brought us to the ' terrible scene. We drove
through Butler and knew that we had be;n
fcuspected.
"I had not intended- going with the Bid
dle boys on the night of their escape, but
• t-d's entreaties won, me over." She told
of how she remained in the library on
Thursday awaiting the signal for the out
breaK. It was her intention to let- the
boys go and she would meet them later.
While sitting in the library, she said, she
was almost paralyzed when the two
brothers came crashing through the door.
In i.heir excitement they had lost the key
to this door and had- to break it down.
Continuing her story, she said:
F1TTSBURG, Feb. 3.— The remains of
Edward and John Biddle. the dead ban
dits, arrived at the Pittsburg railroad sta
tion at 11 o'clock this morning. A thou
sand or more people had gathered at the
station. When the train drew in there was
a rough scramble to get to the platform
of the depot, during which several were
bruised by being crushed against the
stairway. The morgue wagon was wait-
Ing and the bodies were quickly 'driven to
the morgue for identification. An im
mense crowd soon gathered, but a large
detail cf police'prevented them from en
tering the building. The remains of the
murderers were turned over to their
brotner, Harry Biddle, who will give them
proper interment in the Southslde Ceme
tery.
The only matter now of anything like
absorbing interest in connection with the
Biddies is the fate of Mrs. Soffel and any
thing she may say concerning the escape
and subsequent capture of th6 trio. .Mrs.
fcoffel is lying in tne Butler Hospital and
will recover. She made a statement to
night to some newspaper men In .the pres
ence of Dr. Bricker, in which she said:
Won by Ed's Entreaties.
There is strong suspicion that the fire
which destroyed the Scovfl House was
the work of an Incendiary. The fire orig
inated in the pool and billiard room -in
the basement of- the house on the further
side from the burning district. The room
was locked and no one was supposed to
be there, nor. was any fire kept in the
room. The fire came so close on the
heels of the big conflagration that the
thousands of spectators who witnessed it
were thrown into a more complete panic
than the original fire caused. The flames
had. only begun to die out along Grand,
Bank and South Main streets at 4 o'clock
when flames leaped upward as if by
magic and people feared the city was
doomed after all. The engines that hur
ried to the scene turned their attention
mainly to preventing the spread of the
flames. It was evident that the hotel
was doomed, and if the fire had reached
the adjoining buildings there would nave
been very little hope of saving the . cen
ter of the city. The fire burned far into
the day and was not extinguished eiv
urely until evening.
A revised list of losses and insurance
is very difficult to obtain at this time; It
Is believed that when the truth is known
the loss will; amount to more than
£.',000,000. There was no loss of life.
> The city's telephonic communication,
lighting facilities and electric powers
were restored . before nightfall.
A tangled network of wires on Bank
and South Main streets. greatly hindered
the work of extinguishing the last flames
and clearing away the wreckage. How
ever, the streets are rapidly being cleared
and the trolley service will soon be re
sumed.
There was more or less disorder, but
the police have been very active, and the
militia has been of great service In hand
ling the crowds. The streets were piled
with household goods and strewn with
small articles thrown from the windows.
Some of this property was confiscated by
passers-by, but the amount of thieving
was small compared with "the opportuni
ties offered by the confusion.
WATERBURT, Conn., Feb. 3.— The sun
rose this morning on a blackened '¦ and
smoldering mass of. ruins that, marked
the main business section of' the city.
The scene about the city to-day was only
a little less remarkable than that of the
rrevlous" evening.. Thousands of people
stumbled around the icy streets, and
with the greatest difficulty were re
strained by the militia and police from
venturing within the danger lines.
Says One of the Pursuers
Prevented a Detective
From Killing Her.
Sufferers by Big Fire Try to
Force Their Way Into
the Ruina
Police .and- Militia Hold
Throngs in Check at
Waterbury.
Woman Who Aided the
Biddies Makes e.
Statement.
Sir Henry Howard Meets Minister of Foreign Affairs Van Linden and
Premier Kuyper to Consider the Notes Exchanged Concerning the
Overtures of Holland to Bring Mout Peace in- South Africa
RELATES STORY
OF THE ESCAPE
TOPPLING WALLS
THREATEN LIVES
GREAT BRITAIN REPRESENTATIVE
CONFERS WITH THE DUTCH OFFICIALS
THE BAN FRANCISCO; :OALLT*T^ 4, 1902.
2
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Why is Pears' Soap — the
best in the world, the soap
with no free alkali in it-
sold for 1 5 cents a cake ?
It was made for a hos-
pital soap in the first
place, made by request,
the doctors wanted a soap
that would wash as sharp
as any and do no harm
to the; skin. That means
a soap all soap, with no
free alkali in it, nothing
but soap; there is nothing
mysterious in it. Cost de-
pends on quantity; quan-
tity conies of quality.
. Sofd all over the -world.
¦ ———____
- 1 '¦' ¦•'. r
Sapcrior to Apiol, Tansy, PennjTOjal or SteeL
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex.
Apiolisc Capsules for three months cost $2.
n visit D H. ,« OR DAM' S gWcav J
\ \J It* lar^rv Auit ii,.c«: M n ., w j ; , n,, ••
f) -. T '•*•*. n< " td *CIUM*-K* vt Mr .-.»,.TJK.1«./i
,V VtZf **2 «*«*l<sc p..-..M%.-l r «^ r «. 4 ,.y tl)l . I-UCjl y [
A fl fWfl 05- JOHDAH-DISEASES Of K£ H q
X $ {SwiJ^J Cotwulttdoa free and stiirtiy privat:. \
V I Jh$Za Tr<n!rnrnt personally cr by l~ttr. A A
¦fi if \l A Fttitm * <*"« inereiy ease undertaken. \
M F it \\& Write for Book. rHILOSOPHY mt A
? U 1^ KA.KHIAGE. MAILED FREE. (AT
A (1 li- valuable book for Birn) V
V UJK. JUKI* A > 4t CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F. V
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
i '"','
In Best Places
Without exception, at all the '
\ ] ' leading hotels and cafes.
Hunter
Whiskey
: Stands Foremost ¦:
In its perfection of Age, Purity.
[ I Flavor it fills the need of places ;
whose motto is , ' •
••Only the Best kept here"
CHRISTT & WISE COMMISSION CO.. ! !
" Inc., 223-223 California at.. San '
1 ' Francisco, Cal. i
1 Telephone Main 873> i >
GOING THROUGH.
A careless laundry will go through your
shirt In two washings— worn out as com-
pletely aa if you had worn it a year. "Wa
save your shirt and save you money. Wa
will send for your linen if you send us
your address.
No saw edges. ___
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS%
Office 1OO4- Market Stras:
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Off Ice— 54 San Pablo Ave.
II- Its \T®ui si BLjSM
DR- HALL'S EEINYiG0RAT0Rft!9!l
Stops all loses In 21 hours. Five AM MS
hundred reward for any case wa sfid ***4
cannot cure.- This secret remedy a
cures Emissions, Impotency, 3HH E&9
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. n** 1 Wfjl
Strictures, Drains, Lost Man- \\ I IS!X}
hood and all other -wasting et- j£i£/ Vi2
fects of self-abuse or excesses. » '¦/ nTnSBSe
gent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: guaranteed
I to cure any case. Call or address order*
HALI/S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S55 Broad-
war. Oakland. Cal. Also tor sale at 1073V4
, Market at.. S. F. Send tor fxe« book.
preparations NOT bearing W
H the blue signature of Justus* von •11
H Liebig^across the label are NOT the ||
Em • | B* j& I Hh|i B np RPFP EllThe following additional subscriptions
to the McKlnley memorial fund have beei
announced : James do la Montanya & Co.
$25; Council No. 1, Daughters of Liberty
$8: "William M. Plerson, $100; previously
reported $30,431 84; total, $30,614 84.
McXinley Memorial Fund.
The game policeman ; who pursued his
comrade's murderers under fire .from
their revolvers modestly said: •
Taylor's ; Modest ; Beply.
' When 'the Chief finished the reading of
the letter i he delivered a feeling address
in which he spoke vigorously of the cow
ardly deed of the footpads who murdered
to Officer Taylor, and informa J 
tion which he "gave us we now have three
of '•' Robinson's ¦ murderers in jail.'.v said
Chief Wittman. , "We expect to catch the
other ; three = very - shortly ;¦ and ". we have
eood prospects of stretching their necks."
Chief Wittman then called Policemair
Taylor from the ranks and addressing
• "I am proud to say that I have "here a
token of bravery which I have had struck
off and - 1 think you • deserve * it. Tou ; did
your duty bravely ; and well and I honor
you ' for > It ; I ' admire you for your, man
hood; f your sterling .worth : and your ef-;
ficiency as? an ¦' officer.'.' ¦-•".. ¦¦ ¦•;¦ •;
• The Chief then took the beautiful medal
from his pocket and pinned It on Taylor's
breast.
Chief Eulogizes Taylor.
Believe me, sir she, with her daughter
Emma and son Walter, appreciate In all full
ness the efforts, made to alleviate . his suffer
ing while living and the honors shown him and
his memory when/ death had claimed their
hero, their Jewel, their pride. '
And,' sir, as the Omnipotent One always sees
such acts and hearkens to the prayers of those
who are . comforted by them, God's blessing
goes with the benediction pronounced by that
gray-haired mother i upon you and each of the
six hundred brave men under your command,
when, from: the bed of pain on which she lies,
she bade me to say to you that she prayed
that "the blessings of Almighty ' God might
rest upon Chief .Wittman and each member of
the police force of San Francisco." . -
The gentlemanly and courteous escort. Offi
cer E' C. Perclval, .who brought the lifeless
clay of their loved one to the home bo lately
made . bright I by his living presence, has per
sonally received, such .blessing .and heard the
messages . of gratitude from her trembling
P And she bids me say to you that she would
she might lay. her hand in blessing upon the
head of each of her dead eon's comrades and
silently ask that God would J care ; for and
keep them
And . sir, permit me to say in closing that
here 'where • he was - born; here among the
mountains, where every stone, , and tree, and
rippling stream he loved; where all knew," ap
preciated and admired « Eugene; as Plumas
mourns ,her- lost, lamented" son,, her citizens
bless those who comforted and honored him..
Here all are deeply ' touched by the universal
'expression of sorrow and condolence, showing
that the citizens of -your great city properly
appreciate the services of these brave men who
place their lives in the balance for the vindica
tion of law.- the maintenance of order and' the
preservation of : property. ¦•
Mrs Robinson also desires, through you, to
thank the Mayor of your city and the mem
bers of the Board of Police Commissioners for
the great sympathy manifested and the honor
and respect shown her dead son. Yours In
gratitude and common^orrow^^^^^,
Tears rolled down the cheeks of many
a bluecoat in the crowded ranks. as Chief
Wittman read i the tender : lines ¦'. from
Judge McLaughlin. The letter is as fol
lows:. ' -, . . -¦-..' . .
c. ;e. Mclaughlin, . - .
Superior Judge
Plumas County. ¦ . •
. . QUINCT, Cal., January 27, 1902.
G.' "W. "Wittman Esq., Chief of Police, -San
Francisco — My Dear Sir: By request of the
venerable mother of our lamented friend. Offi
cer Eugene C. Robinson, for her, and In her
name, I write to express, as well as impotent
words can express, the greatf ul emotions of a
mother's heart.
Pathetic Letter Is Bead.
When all the different divisions of the
police force" were lined up in the big as
sembly room. Chief Wittman stepped on
an improvised platform that had been
erected in the room and in a voice full
of pathos and sincere feeling he read a
touching communication from ¦ . Superior
Judge G. B. McLaughlin of Plumas
County, where Policeman Robinson once
resided, thanking Mayor Schmitz, Chief
Wittman and the entire police force for
the honor shown the martyred policeman
after his death. The letter was, written
on behalf of the aged mother, the brother
and sister of the deceased.- ' ,
In . addition , to being the receipient of
the beautiful token Taylor was also pre
sented with a warrant on tire , city treas
ury for the sum of $100 In recognition of
his bravery. This sum was ordered to be
paid Taylor by the Police Commissioners
under a . special provision in ' the charter
which gives the commission the right" to
award policemen extra . salary demands
for acts , of Jieroism. "
Chief of Police Wittman presentedlTay
lor^ with the gold medal on behalf of the
department and Police Commissioner Jo
seph Howell presented ,the officer with
the extra salary demand on behalf or ths
Commissioners. i '¦
The presentation ceremonies were held
in the Central police station assembly
rooms at the Hall of Justice shortly be
fore 6 o'clock last evening.
Every member of the police force was
present in full uniform. The presentation
ceremonies were quite formal. Mayor Eu
gene Schmitz was on hand to participate
in the ceremonies. ¦ It was a gathering to
reward the heroism of the living, but the
memory of the brave officer who lost his
life -was not forgotten. < . ¦ y
POLICEMAN CHARLES TAYLOR,
the brave officer who captured
Jack "Wade, alias Henderson,
alias Minneapolis Frank, at the
risk of his own life, was awarded
a handsome" gold medal yesterday by
Chief of Police G. W.. Wittman for ex
ceptionally*.-courageous conduct on _ the
night Policeman Robinson was murdered.
Chief, Mr. Mayor and fellow officers,
I thank you. I only did my duty and I
believe that any other man would do the
same as : I did under the circumstances."
There was considerable hand clapping
over Taylor's reply to the Chiefs presen
tation speech, and Police Commissioner
Ho'well took the platform and deliv
ered a few well timed remarks on Rob
inson s death and Taylor's bravery," con
cluding his speech by handing Taylor the
hundred dollar demand on the treasury.
Mayor Schmitz then spoke feelingly of
the traglo consequences of the police of
ficer's terrible duel with the footpads In
the Mission.
He said he had the most profound re
spect for a hero and an Intense detesta
tion for a *coward. The Mayor compli
mented Taylor for his brave deed and
also -paid a tribute to the bravery of the
entire department.
The medal which was presented to Tay
lor is a work of art. The back of It bears
the following inscription: "Presented to
Policeman Charles Taylor by G. TV
Wittman, Chief of Police, In recognition
of his brave conduct on the night of
January 21."
! CHIEF OF POLICE /WITTMAN PINNING A GOLD MEDAL ON BREAST
OF; PATROLMAN TAYLOR AS A REWARD FOR BRA VERT ON THE
* OCCASION OF THE MURDER OF OFFICER ROBINSON. '
Baker flats, on which these creeks an
located, will prove as rich as th» Klon
dike, it Is claimed, and the pay streal
In Glen Creek has been traced as far ai
twenty-eight miles belo-w Eureka. .
Advices from Nome state that two glrli
connected with a dance hall recentlj
committed suicide by taking 'carboli*
acid. They were known as the Carllsli
sifters.
United States Mall Carrier Jacob "Wai
don. who left Nome In November fot
Isak's Point with the mail. Is believed ti
have perished.
Advices from Rampart give some won.
derful accounts of th» new Koyukuk dla
trict, of which Bettles City Is at presenl
the commercial center The four creeki
In the district have attracted great
prominence from their rich returns. Thej
are Lane, I Olson, Hoglund and Glen. Ot
the four Glen la the most noteworthy
One miner there picked out a nugget
worth 5601 and other men are taking out
pans averaging from $1 to $70.
Travel over the country was greatl]
Impeded by the mild weather. In xnanj
places the tundra was too soft to beat
up th« travelers and communication wltJ
outlying camps was cut oft. -¦¦..-
The poor of Nome ars proving a heavj
4ax on the charity of the camp. Destb
tutlon la general. There have been n<
advices from the outside sine© navigatioi
closed.
Two months and two : days were re*
quired to make the trip from Nome Xi
Dawson. The contract time Is sixty dayi
for the trip and it is probables that thtt
time will be made without serious dlfa<
culty after the winter ; weather Is set
tied and the train In better condition. ,
Scurvy Is prevailing In and. about Nomt
to an alarming degree. Lack of all kind*
of fresh vegetables was apparent. Manj
of the poor prospectors who were unabli
to get out in the fall are "hibernating" li
their cabins, and It is among: this clasi
that the most pronounced cases of scurvj
are found. ¦
SEATTLE, Fob. 8.— The first mails tj
arrive from Nome, St. Michael, Councf
City, Rampart and other points in North
western Alaska were brought down fron
the north on the steamship Dirigo, whicl
arrived this morning 1 . Mall came on thi
Dirigo from Nome as late aa November
16; from Council City, November 7; fron
St. Michael, November 21; from Rampart
"December 17; from Eagle, January 6, an<
from Dawson, January 13.
Esxreial Dlapatch to T1m> Call.
First Winter Advices From Samper!
Gives Wonderful Accounts of
the Wealth of the S .
.., £ KojuJnik.
Indigents Proving a Heavj
Tax Upon the Charity
of the damp,
¦ ¦..„¦¦ . - * - . ¦ . •
Epidemic of Scurvy Dm
to Lack of Fresh
Vegetables.
DISEASE AND
DESTITUTION
IN NOME CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TXJESDXY, FEBRUARY 4, 1902.
. Dr. George William- Davis removed of
fice from Van Ness to 406 Butter st; phone
James 3531; residence phone East 156. •
The twenty-second anniversary • ball \ of
the Servian Montenegrin ¦ ; Literary .. and
Benevolent Society will take place to
morrow night at Union Square v Hall.'
These reunions are a source of great en
joyment to the people of this colony and
are always well attended. The grand
march is announced for 8:30 o'clock. .
Servian-Montenegrin ; Ball.
'• The .case- of Huey. Jun . and • others
against^ J. C.1 Williamson and-. the Board
of ¦ Health was dismissed; in- the \ United
States Circuit Court yesterday. Huey was
slckr: and- the > Board - x of ? Health ; quaran
tined him, v it being the . opinion and diag
nosis of .the learned' doctors that he was
afflicted with a dangerous contagious'dis
ease. Huey applied to the >¦ Circuit Court
to ; have the . quarantine raised, - and ' pend
ing ¦ the ;- proceedings Huey . got well .' and
the quarantine raised itself. • ,„ » ;
Another Erroneous Diagnosis.
Refuses to Discuss His Prospects of
. . „ Becoming . Governor of
\\. .'¦".-'..¦.;'¦¦;: ; Hawaii.- ;., r x ,
Samuel .'Parker, the wealthy- planter 'of
Honolulu, : arrived . yesterday at 'the-. Oc
cidental- Hotel with his bride fromVthe
East. Mr.: Parker is prominently spoken
of as the successor of Governor Dole as
the executive head of the Territory of Ha
waii. • He refused" to discuss the subject ¦
: He sails -..next week ; for ¦¦ Honolulu r ac
companied by his wife and his son-in-law 1
Prince David. . • ' ; -.
SAMUEL PARKER ARRIVES
1<^FROM WA^ELENGTON, D. CV
The body of the man who was stricken
with heart failure last Thursday on the
steamboat ' Zinfandel was identified Sun
day morning as being that of William L.
Metcalf by Attorney O. C. Pratt of this
city.
Mr. Pratt was a personal friend of Met
calf. He stated that Metcalf was in his
office Thursday and that he was to leave
for Brentwood that afternoon . to . take
charge of the Brentwood Enterprise.
He left Pratt's office in the best of spir
its and apparently in good health, but fell
in a faint on the deck of the steamboat,
subsequently dying at the Central Emer
gency Hospital. ' • . - .
The deceased was a brother of General
J. B.. Metcalf of Seattle, United States
Attorney for the State of Washington
during . Cleveland's administration. The
deceased was 53 years of age and' a news
paper man of ability. ' .'• .¦; 'v;^
The funeral services will take place at
the Howard-street Methodist ; Church on
Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock.. , - "•.,•
Deck of Steamboat and Dies at
.-Y.-'W: Hospital.
William I#. Metcalf Falls Fainting on
BODY OF MAN WHO DIED
SUDDENLY IS IDENTIFIED
Charles* D. Bunnell, a farmer of Court
land, Sacramento County, was found as
phyxiated in bed yesterday morning in
his room at 207 Ellis street. • Both keys
of the gas fixtures had been turned on
allowing the deadly fluid to. escape. Both
valves of the gas fixtures were open Mrs
L. Montijo, the landlady, . informed * the
Coroner that; Bunnell came home about
1 o'clock in the morning with a friend
who .had parted from . him at the door
Bunnell was about 60 years of age. v
Albert Peplow, a game keeper for the
poker department in the Cafe Royal was
found dead in his bed yesterday- mornine
he having been asphyxiated by the fumla
of illuminating gas issuing from two oDen
valves on the gas fixtures In- his room.
He was unmarried and 40 years of aue
• He le & 1° T 1 " 11^ t0 show that he had
committed suicide and , as there ; did not
appear to.be any motive the Coroner's
Jury yesterday returned a verdict of ac
cidental death, notwithstanding that the
two burners in his room at 4 Grove street
were .' open. 2 Among his effects was - found
a bankbook with ,$2000 to his credit * -"
Two Men Killed by Gas.
The opening of the Juvenile Fairyland
Carnival at the Mechanics' Pavilion is
now. but one- week away, February 8. It
will be, the means of Introducing, to the
publio many clever ¦ and beautiful -little
children- in specialties and dances and
serve for entertaining a number of prom
inent organizations. : .
On the first night, in addition to the reg»
ular stage performance, there will be a
representation of an allegorical and dra
matic scene and song, "He Was a Native
Son," Introducing pictures and slides
showing the First Regiment soldier boys
sailing awav for Manila.'. ;
On Monday night, February 10, fifty lit
tle girls from 7 to 15 years old, in dance3
and exercises and; thirty-six young ladles
in Grecian costumes will Illustrate beau
tiful grace culture poses. ; .
Tuesday the naval apprentice's from the
United States training ship and - station
Goat Island, .will be present. ,. The San
Francisco Turn Vereln will have 150 of
the smaller children present in the after
noon in calisthenics and at night 150. of
the older children will give an athletic ex
hibition.- The -beautiful Italian- peasant
girl dance by thirty-six young ladies will
also be given. • .
On" Wednesday afternoon and night the
Columbia Park . Boys' Club will give a
military, drill and the minstrel corps will
sing— also exhibition of fancy dancing by
young people. > ¦ - ¦ -v
On •¦¦ Thursday decorated baby_ carriage
parade. . '
Friday, February. 14, will be . St. Valen
tine MardrGras day, with a serpentine
and confetti; battle by children. .
The Pavilion • will be especially deco
rated. 'i--~ '¦ ¦ •- . •-"- '.-¦ ' - . • ¦¦'¦.....¦
The - Pacific • Cat Club will also hold its
annual cat show irr conjunction - with, the
carnival. Nearly 100; cats have been en
tered.'- ' ¦ ¦ * ••' ..'¦-. - f
Fairyland Carnival.
A baking powder manufacturer ought
to succeed In getting up in the world.
The Unitarian Club of San Francisca
gave a banquet last evening at the Mer
chants' Club on Sansome street. Plates
were laid for 125 persons. The subject
on which the talks of the evening were
given was, "The National Characteristics
of Humor." The speeches were as fol
lows: Rev. Ernest Baker of Oakland,
"American Humor"; F. H. Wheelan,
"Irish Humor"; William Greer Harrison,
"English Humor"; Dr. Taylor, "German
Humor."
Unitarian. Club Gives Banquet
"I do not know who the man was Ho
might have been drunk, or he might have
mistaken me for some one against whom
he had a grudge. I paid but little at
tention to the man, and would 'probablv
not know him again if I saw him"
"I was walking down Market street
from the City Hall on my way to the
Supreme Court," said Abbott, "when this
fellow, got in front of me. He had a black
cane . in his hand and kept jabbing It
back at me. I tried to get out of his
way, but he still kept on jabbing at me.
I grabbed the cane, but the fellow pulled
It away from me and began striking me
with It. I closed In on him, grabbed his
cane again, and let go my right, hitting
him several times In the face. The fel
low got away, 1 and turned off In the direc
tion of Powell street. I went on my way
and argued a case Immediately afterward
in the Supreme Court. r.
W. M. Abbott, Deputy Attorney .Gen
eral, although a small sized man, van
quished a burly opponent yesterday morn
ing about 10:30 o'clock in front of the
Windsor Hotel on Market street; near
Fifth. Abbott has a sprained hand and
bruises about the arms and shoulders in
flicted by his unknown assailant. Abbott
knows he hit him, but as the fellow soon,
got away he was unable to tell the ex
tent of hl3 injuries.
bott Vanquishes "Unknown As
sailant on Market Street.
Deputy Attorney General W. M. Ab-
BTJTtLY OPPONENT MEETS
MATCH IN UGHTEBT MAN
Addresses will also be delivered by C.
K. Ober of Chicago and W. L. Kllng of
Oakland on the same evening. Dr. Clam
pett will speak on 'two occasions during
the convention and other well known
clergumen from . different. I parts of the
State will deliver addresses.. It is expect
ed that the convention will be one' of the
largest of its kind ever held in California.
The work of the association' has grown
with marked rapidity during the last few
years and now it owns property In the
State valued at more than $1,000,000.
The : twenty-first annual State conven
tion of the Young Men's Christian ¦ Asso
ciation of California will begin in Pasa
dena to-day and will continue until Sua
day next. Those who are on their way
to attend the opening exercises are the
Rev. F. W. Clampett, D. D., Mr. and
Mrs. Rolla _V. Watt, Mr. and Mrs. H. J.
McCoy, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Jackson, the
Rev. E. E. Baker and Mrs. Baker of Oak
land, W. E. Clark, F. T. Larsen, M. C."
O'Brien, D. Edward Collins, C. A. May
dwell, H. W. Stone of Portland, J. J.
Pfister, Colonel Rawles, -R. D. Nicholls,
R. E. Swanson and several students from
the JJniversity of California. •
The president of the State Association.
H. J. McCoy, will. call' the convention to
order in the new Methodist -Episcopal
Church at 8 > o'clock Thursday evening
and the Rev. E. E. Baker will deliver the
opening address, the subject ¦ chosen for
the occasion being -"Young Men and Our
Times."
dena to Attend Twenty-First
Annual Session.
Party Leaves San Francisco for Pasa-
YOUNG MEIFS CHRISTIAN
ASSOCIATION CONVENTION
The ruse had the desired , effect. The
robbers did not advance, but proceeded
to camp in proximity to Wolf. Wolf had
staying qualities himself and from 9
o'clock until daylight this morning he
stood over his money, holding the rob
bers at bay with the empty pipecase. At
the approach of dawn the robbers disap
peared.
Wolf had been employed in Keswick
end had $200 on bis person when he left
the town. At 9 o'clock, just above Kes
wick, two men emerged from the bushes
and ordered him to hand over his money.
Wolf was unarmed. He had a meer
schaum pipe in a case and with rare pres
ence of mind he quickly decided to bluff
the would-be robbers. He quickly drop
ped his money bag to the ground and
scraped dirt and leaves over it with his
foot. Then, drawing his pipecase from
his pocket and aiming it, he ordered his
assailants to stand back. He snapped
the pipecase several times, like the cock
ing of a pistol.
REDDING, Feb. S.— A meerschajim
pipecase and the presence of mind of 1L
Wolf saved him from being robbed of $200
in gold coin last night. For eleven hours
he guarded his fortune with the Imitation
weapon.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
John Hackett of the Pacific Coast
Dredging Company Is the owner of the
burned tug. It-has been mostly employed
in doing work about the Oakland estuary.
The origin of the fire is a mystery. At
the close of the day's work the crew left
the boat and the fires were banked and
closed up. No one was aboard during
the night, but it is thought some waste
soaked with oil was thrown into a corner
and spontaneous combustion ensued. The
damage to the vessel is estimated at
about $8000.
The tugboat "Walter Hackett, while ly
ing at the foot of "Webster street, was
burned to the water's edge shortly after
midnight. The flames had gained con
siderable headway when discovered and
it was necessary to pump the boat full
of water before the fire was. extinguished.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadwav, Feb. 4.
Frightened out of his senses the clerk
gave a cry of terror and fled. He was
speechless when he reached the hotel of
fice and it was several minutes before he
was able to tell what he had seen. The
physicians visited the room a few min
utes later and found Mrs. Moore dead.
Shortly after 9 o'clock Heffernan opened
the door of «Mrs. Moore's room. As he
did so she ar,ose In bed. opened her eye3
gasped and moaned, "Oh, my God." Her
face took on a look of awful fear and
despair. For several seconds she sat thus
and then fell back with the death rattle
In her throat. ¦
On the following morning the guest was
found unconscious from the effects of the
poison . she had taken. After the phy
sicians had done all they could for her
they departed, giving Hotel Clerk Charles
Heffernan instructions to look into Mrs
Moore's room occasionally. The phy
sicians realized that she would die and
that they could do nothing further for her.
On Friday evening Heffernan made sev
eral visits to the room, no one else caring
to look in upon the dying woman.
This greatly surprised the clerk, as she
had previously been ordering the best.
She went up town on Thursday afternoon
and returned with several packages. It
is supposed that she purchased drugs.
Returning to the hotel she ordered din
ner. The lady did not seem in the least
excited or depressed; in fact the hotel
attaches remarked at the time on her evi
dent breeding and self-possession. She
chatted with Miss Clara Wagner, asking
her about the city. One question was
noteworthy— the stranger asked what kind
of a morgue there -was here and if the
public was allowed to view the bodies.
Some of the incidents of the strange
woman's last hours came to light to-day.
"When Mrs. Moore, , as she was called,
arrived at the hotel she ordered the best
luncheon to be had in the house. After
luncheon she asked for a room. The clerk
showed her a suite.
"No," she said, "I want the cheapest
room you have."
STOCKTON, Feb. 3.— Unless som& word
is received from the alleged relatives of
Mrs. Hammond Moore, the woman who
took poison while a guest of the Imperial
Hotel in this city last Thursday, dying the
following day, the body of the suicide will
be buried to-morrow at the county's ex
pense. An inquest will be held to-mor
row evening* The . Coroner and other
county officials who are interested in the
case are not yet ready . to believe that
the unfortunate woman was ¦ in reality
Mrs. Hammond Moore. They are still of
the opinion that the name was assumed
and that when her real identity is learned,
if ever it is, it will be found that some
dark tragedy in her life led her to take
up a new name and a new life away from
her former associates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fire Almost Totally De
stroys the Walter
Hackett.
Intended Victim Holds
Two Keswick Thugs
a»u Jj£Ly.
Mrs. Hammond Moore to
• Be Buried at Public
ExpeDse.
TUG IS BURNED
WHILE AT DOCK
NO ONE CLAIMS
BODY OF SUICIDE
EMPTY PIPECASE
HIS "REVOLVER"
The discovery of the plot had one good
effect, f on had it not been unearthed the
court .would not have returned to Peking
for some time. It was intended to re
main at Kaifeng, and after a start was
at length made from there stops were to
have been made in Chenting and Paoting.
In the confession it was stated j that a
numerous body of men had. been, especial
ly detailed to destroy the . Chentlng-Pe
klng railway, while other bands of armed
men had been ordered to fire at the im
perial train from various vantage points.
Search was made, in a house where two
of the conspirators -were arrested, and
there were found a number of detailed re
ports on the strength of the garrisons of
almost every walled city of the Chinese
Empire, their capability of resistance, the
character of the men and their officers,
and other papers relating to the defense
of the cities of th« empire— in f act\ in
formation suchas-would be gathered by
an army preparing to go to war. ;A dozen
or more volumes were, found containing
the names of 'the Honan members of the
two secret societies, KolafgUul and Tatoa
Hui, interested in the proposed rebellion
against -the Manchu dynasty. ; ¦
Viceroy Yuan Shih-Kai at once' took
steps to. safeguard the imperial party and
it made the journey safely to Peking.
Viceroy -Yuan Shih-Kai had the railway
guarded .from Chenting to Peking, with
encampments of. all his available troops
on both -sides of the line • throughout its
entire extent. At the same -.'time -he 1
ordered '-mounted'" troops : to .search the
country for j fifteen" ll**on* either' side < of
the railway, with orders to scatter any
body of men exceeding two or three in
number and arrest any suspicious char
acters in sight at the time of the passing
of the train. ¦
The North China Daily News says that
after the failure of the attempt to burn
the Kaifeng palaces a number of the in
cendlaries were captured by i the Honan*
authorities. They were tortured, with a
view of ; extorting confessions. .; The un
fortunate captives were., placed ..in : large
bamboo cages, with only tneir heads pro
trualng. Hot irons were -applied to the
legs of some and under this torture one
of the conspirators, a young man of- 18
years, broke down :and. gave the details
of the conspiracy. 1 To this "confession"
all of the prisoners were, forced to append
their signatures. • - , . <. v ,¦ ,. -•
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb.' 3.'— The, steamer
Glenesk of the Dodwell' liae, -which • has
arrived here from j Yokohama and other'
ports of the Orient,. brought news '.-. of an
extensive antl-dynaatic ./conspiracy ." in.
¦which the •well known Chinese • reform as
sociation, which has - branches*, in every
part of the world, is alleged to have been
more or less Involved. "With these advices
came an account of an' unsuccessful at
tempt by conspirators to destroy the pal
aces In which the Empress Dowager; and
her court were residing- at Kaifeng, .while
en route to Peking-, • arid thus -cause -the
death of the Chinese - > rulers .and -those
with them. 1 This was the, second attempt
on the life of ¦ the \ Empress, ', f or I one of
the conspirators „ hurled a spear* at her
while the cortege was en route to Peking.
He was killed on the spot. >-
Eseclal Dispatch to The Call.
fession.
¦* ¦ , ¦ ¦ . -. ¦ ¦¦
Suspects Are Tortured "Witli Hot
Irons TTatil One of . Their
, , Number Makes a Con-
Spear Is Hurled at Her and
the Kaifeng Palaces
Are Set Afire.
Make Two Attempts to
Murder the Chinese
Dowager.
CONSPIRATORS
PLOT DEATH
OF EMPRESS
BRAVE POLICEMAN IS PRESENTED
WITH MEDAL BY CHIEF WITTMAN
3
ADVERTISElffiENTS.
Sore
I nroat
For sore throat and pains in the chest
there is no medicine that gives relief so
quickly and does so much good as Hal-
pruner's Pain Remover. There is noth-
ing like it to drive pain and inflamma-
tion from the body — it does it so quick-
ly and it docs not do you any harm.
Rub Halpruner's Pain Remover into
the pores of the skin of the throat and
chest, also take a tablesooonful in a
wine glass of water or milk every hour
— you won't have to take it" long.
Don't let the druggist talk you out of
Halpruner'6. It is prescribed and com-
pounded to cure your ills and is a medi-
cine you ought to have. Demand the
genuine— 50c and $i a bottle— 28 Cali-
fornia St., San Francisco.
yfhlpnjneris
"TO THE PUBLIC— I suffered with a
severe sore throat four days after the
opera. 'Theodora' at the Tfvoli Opera
House. I used Dr. Halpruner's Pain Re-
mover as a gargle and to bathe my neck,
and found instant relief; in. fact I was
almost immediately cured and was able
to continue my role in .the opera.
SIGNORINA IDA VALERGA.
Prima Donna, Tivoli Opera House."
Trial Treatment Free.
Dr. Halpruner spends from 1 to 4 every
afternoon, except Saturdays and Sundays,
at his office, 28 California street, giving
trial treatments to sufferers and persons
Interested in Halpruner'e •wonderful medi-
cine.
A largo bottle sent by prepaid express-
age to any part of the United States upon
tlxo receipt of Sl,\*.'j . 1
gj|af I" lilui
\n making you a ¦$ 16.00 jfifot jntt
suit to your measure we J^mt m®m -fift-
are not striving for the j|ISJ ''war'
one single order -— we ¦SSL. J§L iS*?
want the suit to wear so i^g^mdfi|dfajfe
well as to merit your con- flSfS I life -V'h, I •
tinuous orders. '" - M§M^M^0^00^S^
To make the suit serve .fifer?JXC:^^^
its -'purpose'- we-- use all- flpSp^SIJflSiy
wool materials and make W.{r*'-*; i f§ 7 1 >7 : j pt |^ if
the garments in a careful, mt?^llfS^iS|S|y;J|^F
painstaking- manner. ¦ We'- : &iw /
follow your measure- W^BrR^vS?^^4W
ments in the cutting and f W^k§ llf
guarantee a perfect fit. We ~ ®^^^ |r
endeav^ to please you.
; ¦¦^^ ; , If we cannot please you
tffijfr • sSfo wi^ ri e su^ we ma^ e
another one at no extra
$Si S^HlmffilB f erred refund your money.
To • fully- protect you we
¦fl^^||g^||^^g^f||M' keep- the siiit. in .repair/
ftjfeffil^^^^i^^iSHl f ree -for -one year. -- , /•¦
WS§|f^^^^B5%®^P Samples of t hese $ 1 0.00
suits can be had merely
.^K^?^ :^w^S§^Sr cr ne asking - at > either
of our two stores — 718
\®W l^^Wlm Market street, or corner
"«» |pF||pP f^ Powell, Market and Eddy
• . ....---.•-.-.- - ¦• ' — 1
Out-of-town orders for made-to-order clothing filled— satistactory fit
assured through our self-measuring system — write for samples.
71 8 Market St, and
Cop. Powell & Eddy Streets
THE CHILDREN ENJOY':®
OTnSlii Iafe ° nt Of doors and out of the grames which they play and the enjoy- r$F§§
3arS& m Ch th - ey receivo and. the .efforts which they make, comes the ¦• P>1
¦ ''v^Srir iP" • Cr Part ° f that healthful development which is so essential to their ' A^^N
r^W^rt/ h fPP" 1 ess when grown. When a laxative is needed the remedy which is
'~ // STiven to them to cleanse, and sweeten and strengthen the internal organs : YV^^
If/ on which it acts, should be such as physicians would sanction, because its ¦ A %h
j it component parts are known to be wholesome and the remedy itself free from S^®J
I // CV<^ ojtfectioaabte quality. The one remedy which physicians and parents, Ai^T^-l
H» well-informed, approve and recommend and which the little ones enjoy, 5
y« because of its pleasant flavor, its gentle action and its beneficial effects, is— /<$ /2»
byrup of Figs— and for the same reason it is the only laxative which should V*. ty/a
sSSn! bo Med b y fathers and mothers. / . S^W
£p&\'. V- Byrup of Figs is the only remedy which acts gently, pleasantly and ilS^^f?
r^% naturally without griping, irritating, or nauseating and which cleanses the I ,'
s^^^y *y Eten * effectually, without producing- that constipated habit which results %£s. &%W
rfl'irj! "^ the «se of the old-time cathartics and modern imitations;' and against T<- 4<
SJ "which the children should be so carefully guarded. If you would have them pS?L^A '
'i%ZZJ$ firr ° W tO manhood a*" 1 womanhood, strong, healthy and happy, do not give j^x^k"
¦¦'&J&$? them medicines, when medicines are not needed, and -when nature needs
r>=/£>-~g assistance in the way of a laxative, give tnem only the simple, pleasant and r \Z' V
'(^^Z gentle— Syrup of Figs. £>~ ~\
ItS 1 uali^ is due not onl y to the excellence of the combination of the #-"<W j
•f&z? laxative principles of plants with pleasant aromatic syrups and juices, but ii ih/
gP'^B '** also toou J r original method of manufacture and as you value the health of (**- 'f§
ia 4SK 35 the lit * le one St do not accept any of the substitutes which unscrupulous deal- - • '
\ t+ ers sometimes offer to increase their profits. The genuine article 'may be p • t> \
Vsj^ bon Sr ht anywhere of all reliable druggists at fifty cents per bottle. Please -^ 1- -
JjX^ ¦ to remember, the full name of the Company— . ,A V
r>^2 -»»^*"V?L CALIFORNIA FIG SYR.UP CO.— is printed on' . J^iViCl
%m^ 1 - | /\5- the front of every pack- i~O- £%-•'/
Jr\5~4?vi<^>^r> a 8«- In order to get its .sCW >^JV-^T?S^'
$\ i\ W$$W- beneficiai effects * is ai - * <£y h 4\ W&pMM
9%-. • t if. <n»^^ j ¦ \ '/a .»»-•* ; . )i \- ..(jy, .slipped, but was up in a second and sent
Hanrahan to the floor with a stiff left to
the Jaw. Hanrahan remained down for
the limit, but he had a shade the better
of it in the exchange that followed. The
second round was full of wild swings,
neither man doing any damage. In the
next round Childs began playing for
Hanrahan's stomach, and was more suc
cessful at this style of fighting. On sev
era' occasions he landed on the New
Yorker's abdomen without a return. As
the round progressed Hanrahan became
wilder than ever in his delivery and
Childs tried for a knockout. He missed
Hanrahan's jaw and the latter fell to
clinching. Childs was the stronger and
shook off Hanrahan with ease and
reached his stomach with a right punch
that made Hanrahan groan.
r When they came together in the fourth
The Chutes has another strong bill of
novelties this week. The Nambas, Japan
ese jugglers, perform some remarkable
feats in their line;,Alf Holt,' the whistling
comedian, also does a clever turn; Loraine
and- Ho well present a laughable sketch,
introducing . their ? performing .-: bulldog,
.who does a clever boxing act. , Other good
numbers are Thomas Armand, descriptive
vocalist; Maxie Mitchell, \ in coon:. songs, 1
and Nellie Montgomery, the favorite bal
ladist. I A, series of new moving pictures
concludes the bill. , • "¦ •
Chutes.
Colored Heavy-Weight Entirely Out
classes New .York Aspirant for..
' ; ¦-..'. Championship ' Honors.';
CHICAGO.' Feb. >3.-'VWiUL Bill". Han
rahan's, aspirations ¦ to the- heavy-weight
championship were quickly dispelled to
night . ; by i Frank Childs, : ; the ; colored
heavy-weight, who knocked out; the New
Yorker, after^one ) minute /'of fighting In
the fourth: round of^a six* round contest
at ithe .American, Club.. . Hanrahan " was
outclassed from : the start, although at
the. beginning of the first round he. land
ed a wild swing on - Childs'/ head. Child*
"WILD BILL", HAiniAHAN
KNO CKED OUT BY CHILDS
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 3.— In a circular issued to
day by General Manager Kussell Harding of the
Missouri Pacific • Comoany, D. • Hardy is ap
pointed general superintendent of that system,
vlco.H.'-G. Clark, resigned.
the ; best I that j has been put on at the
popular playhouse for some time. James
Corrlgan, as Humpy Logan, was particu
larly clever.- r, George Webster, c Hallet
Thompson; Edwin P. Emery, ErnestVHow
611, Stanley Ross and William Blackmore
did their ability full justice , in their ,va
riopr roles, and Miss Annette Marshall
and Margaret Marshall also did good
work. J ; v
All who are going East should not fall
to take advantage of this opportunity to
visit the Carnival City. ,
¦Illustrated.* literature can* be secured
through any agent Southern Pacific Com
pany.
The celebrated Mardi Gras Carnival
will open in New Orleans February 10.
This unique festival, , with its wonderful
parades, gorgeous costumes, battle of
flowers and confetti, \ attracts thousands
of visitors every year from all parts of
the continent and even from. Europe. ;
Sunset Limited leaves San : Francisco
4:50 p. m. Monday, Wednesday and Fri
day, February 3, 5 and 7.
¦ Charles S. Schmidt. Boston— 1 0 1 1 1 14 3 1
fi -7 2.0 3 11 1 18:7 5 9 0 3 22 19 0 8 11 0 5 8
8 7 4 0 1 8 1 10 5 2 G 40 30 6 5^-total 251.
Average 2 21-46."' • .S. .- N •:. •
! .Wilson* H. Sigourney," San Francisco — 3 0 17
0008083100 34 15 104 28 017388 10
5 13 0 0 3 18 0 4 2 0 60 0 2.54 1 1 1 1 16 3 3 31—
total 400. Average 8 32-46.
The Bostonlan by getting in two runs
of 22 and 19 passed into the lead in the
twenty-third inning. His advantage was
only temporary, as Sigourney followed
with a. run of 38 caroms and from, that
point to the end held the -lead:..' Summary:
The contest was played in the
of the Knickerbocker Athletic Club. Eight
players are entered in the tournament.
They are Charles Threshie, Boston;. John
A. Hendricks, New York; Dr. L.. L. Mial,
New York; C. F. Conly," Chicago; Wilson
H. Sigourney, San Francisco; Charles S,
Schmidt, Boston; Charles S. Morris. New
York.'and A. B. Miller. New York. ; . .
Schmidt won the bank and selected the
black ball. He counted on the regulation
opening shot and then fell down badly on
a kiss from the cushion. SigOurn»y's first
shot was an effective drive of the red
ball around the table, the trio of spheres
nestling together in the lower right-hand
corner In a way which promised a big
run; but the Calif ornian only made three,
missing on a short single cushion shot.
In • the third inning Sigourney clicked oft
17 by close and delicate work. Then for
a time he appeared unable to coax the
ivories to roll favorably for him. A- cluster,
of 34- on his fourteenth 7 turn followed by
15 and later backed by 28 placed him well
within the second hundred points. For this
section of the contest , his ' average was
6 8-19, for 122 points..
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— Wilson Sigourney
of San Francisco defeated Charles .B.
Schmidt of Boston and Chicago to-night
by 400 points to 251 In the opening match
of the class A amateur billiard champion
ship tournament.
Bowling Tournament.
v Following Is the result of the games
played in< the bowling tournament in the
various alleys last evening: •
Echoes — ' • I Excelsiors — •'¦
Egbert ....124 160 110 Buttner ...106 137 120
Davis. ......158 164 139 Kuenzle ...171 144124
Lux 158 159.198'Levy ......110 121 174
Harris 105 153 124 Rlchmuller 128 144 10S
Pike .-..:.. .1-36 105 210 Dowling ...113 147 198
Totals. "...CSl'801 770! . Totals.. ..71S C03 730
Eugenes— ¦ ' ' Llncolns — .
Leap 166 20.J 181 Brunsing ..151 1C4 150
Blrdsall ...180 186 143 Carroll 171 173 150
Thorpe. ....132 151) 14",'l Ettinger ..152 181 3 50
Gott ......169 214 172 Adler .....136 156 150
Eacret '....146 158 155 Crawford ..102 211 143
. TotalB.. ..799 920 794 Totals.. ..772 885 749
Handily Defeats Schmidt
f in Opening Match of
Tournament.
Fifth- race, seven .' furlongs — Circus won,
Echodat second, Little Emmy third. Time,
1:84%;
¦ Sixth race, six furlongs, 'selling — Orla won.
Lord Neville second, Pharaoh third. Time, 1:18.
Fourth race, selling, one mile and a sixteenth
— Dishy Bell won, Swordsman second, St. Da
vid third. Time. 1 :5C.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb., 3.— Crescent City
summary: • ... . • • \ ••
First race, selling, six furlongs — Zackford
won, Frelinghuysen second, Dousterswlvel
third. Time, 1:18^.
Second race. Belling, one mile and a sixteenth
—Pay the Fiddler won, Little Lois second,
¦Bandy H third. Time, 1:55%.
¦ Third race, steeplechase, short course — Dag
mar won, C61ey second, Cantadas third. Time,
3:16. . ,
Racing at New Orleans.
Jeffries has communicated with Billy
Delaney, his manager, who is now '.in San
Francisco looking over the ground. Jef
l'ries' future actions regarding a match
with Fitzsimmons will be ..largely guided
by what Delaney may suggest.
NEW YORK. Feb. 3.-Expectations of
an immediate match between Jim Jeffries
and Bob Fitzsimmons were shattered to
day, when Jeffries •. and i Jim Kennedy,
acting for the Yosemite Athletic Club of
San Francisco, talked matters over In a
newspaper office. ¦ 3 ? ¦
Jeffries promptly refused to make a
match on the terms accepted by Fitzsim
mons, and there' the matter rests for the
present. Kennedy's offer, which Fitzsim
mons agreed to, was an equal division of
the gross receipts and picture privileges
between the fighters and the club, each
to take one-third.
on the Conditions Accepted by
Fitzsimmons. ¦ r
Promptly Refuses to Make a Match
JEFFRIES NOT ,* SATISFIED
WITH; THE TEHMS. OFFERED
SOGOURNEY WINS
THE FIRST GAME
Track Notes.
-O'Connor and Jackson each piloted two
• ', ' . ¦ .
"Subscriber" is informed that KenlU
worth and Waring did not run a match
race here last winter. -Neither were any
horses raced at.Tanforan or Oakland en
tered in the -name of John J. McCafferty.
It is reported that imported Midlothian
died quite recently at Rancho del Paso.
Purchased In England for*a mere song;
Midlothian got-many famous winners dur
inghis career in the stud; among others
the crack Sir Walter.
"Chess" Hall, better known as "Beau
Brummel." made a big killing at the track
yesterday. Congratulations were show
ered on him last evening, and "Chess"
showed his appreciation by entertaining
royally." • . • - -
Jockey Henry Spencer, accompanied by
Joe Scherrer, departed for .the East Sun
day, morning.
• Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First' race — Six furlongs, selling; 8-year-olds
and upward:
3223 "Wyoming .... 139 1 (3227) John Peters . . 127
3234 Loyal S 122 3221 Arlgato 108
81C2 B. Bohm's'n. # 122l 3215 Skip Me 120
Second race — Futurity course, selling; 3
year-olds und upward:
304S Budd "Wade.. 93 5201 Screenwell L.102
322C The Weaver. . 06 3221 Breton Oft
3102 The Hoodoo.. 102 3227 Annie Max... 01
.... Faunarlna ... 91 Silver Fizz... 1CK5
2247 Hipponax 111 3224 Claire Whlto.102
3217 Jingler 93 2649 Canderos 10S
"Dutch" Thurston,. who is to box Al
Neill before the Reliance Club on the 14th
inst, went into gaining at Larkspur yes
terday. Thurstoli's interests are being
looked after by "Fatty" Blodes. The lat
ter deposited $100 .with Harry •Corbett last
night as a forfeit if his man does not live
up to the articles of agreement. Neill is
to battle In Los Angeles within a week
and* will then come to thia city to prepare
for his Contest. This will be the second
meeting between Neill and Thurston.
They fought last Fourth of July and the
bout was declared a draw. -•
Thurston and Neill.
The preliminaries to this battle will
probably be between Frank George and
Gene Young and "Young" Gibbs and
"Medals" Dukelow.
Jimmy Britt, the clever amateur light
weight champion, has gone into active
training for his coming bout with Toby
Irwin, the "pride of Telegraph Hill."
Britt will prepare at Croll's Gardens, Ala
meda. He will be looked after by Curtis
Richardson, a bosom friend, and a clever
boxer himself. Billy Leonard and Jack
Capellss will box with Britt during his
training. Irwin is at work at the Ter
minal, which is at tho end. of the Haight
street car. line. The men have posted $100
each to weigh in at 133 pounds at 6 o'clock
the night of their contest. They are to
battle fifteen rounds under the auspices of
the Acme Athletic Club on the evening of
February 18. ¦
Britt Is in Training.
Lou Houseman, the ' Chicago journalist,
who is managing. Jack Root, will leave
to-day for the 'Windy City. He will in all
probability be •accompanied by Root, who
Is homesick and wants to see his mother,
who ? is very ill. Houseman stated last
night that he was willing to bind another
match between his man, and Gardner. He
says, however, that he will wager $25 that
Alec Greggains . will not bet $2500 to bring
about -a second • meeting. He has invited
Gregrgains to post : the money to bind . a
match and he will bring Root here in two
months to again fight Gardner.
The stories published that the fight be
tween Root- and Gardner was a fake have
been dissipated by the r^anly statement
Gardner made to the press that he not
only bet on himself, but fouled uninten
tionally. George swears that the blow he
received under ono eye only aggravated
one he was handed by Dave Barry- while
training- for- battle, and that after his eye
closed he fought wildly.
Root Going Home.
The Twentieth- Century Club will enter
competition to secure the next heavy
weight championship fight. 1 It will reor
ganize to-day with a new board of direc
tors j and -will be piloted over the rough
places by "Jack" Gleason.
Jimmy Coffroth, ex-secretary of the
Twentieth Century Club, but now affiliat
ed' with '; the Yosemlte Club, yesterday
turned over to Gleason all. the stock in
the former.; club.' As soon as ¦ Gleason
came into possession of this stock be no
tified • certain people and was authorized
to telegraph East and, offer.. Fitzsimmons
and Jeffries 80 per cent if they would bat
tle before his club. This is in opposition
to the Yosemite Club's bid.
Gleason -Btates he will apply immediate
ly for a new license.
Offers 80 Per Cent of Receipts
for Jeffries and Fitz- : "
simmons.
The promising candidates were
scratched from the closing event, which
left Scorpio to go to the barrier a 2 to 5
chance. Harry Stover's fast sprinter
led all the way, but, tiring perceptibly us
the wire was approached, only defeated
True Blue half a length. Captivate took
third place from Maresa.
Never partial to much weight. Decoy
fell by the wayside in the second mile and
one hundred yard run, after closing an 8
to 5 favorite. He led Diderot for about
half a mile, then, calling for his hat and
overshoes, Diderot, with Lee Jackson in
the saddle, went on, scoring at the wire
by more than a length from Constable.
The last named three-year-old closed
strong, and with more luck at the start
might have been first. Show honors went
to Sunello. . . .
Kickumbob, a mild favorite in the
betting, piloted by O'Connor, beat a very
common assortment in the mile and one
hundred yard selling race. Fridolln, a
light weight, was indulged with the load
for two-thirds of the route, when O'Con
nor picked up the running with the first
choice and in a drive downed the light
weighted pacemaker only a head. Nilgar
ran third. -
' Green Morris' mudlark Duckoy made
short work of his field in the mile selling
event. A 3 to 6 favorite at post time,
O'Connor* let the Brutus gelding go out
in front, and he won galloping. Jim Hale
tired chasing the leader, losing the place
to Commissioner Forster. . .
The track was ankle deep with mud, and
only members of the webfoot brigade re
ceived any attention. With two excep
tions speculators met with marked suc
cess in picking the first horse. The at
tendance was exceptionally large for a
card that presented no special features.'
' With . .two '.or three dangerous "ones
scratched it looked as if Hilary, with
Bullman up, held safe the other starters
in the opening sprint, and the gelding
closed a 2 to 1 favorite. At the start the
first choice and Young Morello opened a
big gap over the field and had the race to
themselves. The latter stayed best, win
ning ridden out by a half-length. Ulloa
finished thirfi.
. ' f erence of his bleeps an inch and
tl quarter beating the bass drum with a
one-night-stand, _ real Georgia minstrel
show.. At Oakland yesterday the colored
rider had the mount on High Chancellor
In the two-year-old event, an Odd Fellow
colt, owned by Chinn & Forsythe. There
were only five starters, and from 20 the
odds against the | youngster gradually
soared to 60 to 1, the bulk of the smart
coin going in on Barney Schrelber's Hud
son, the 7 to 5 favorite. The latter lacked
the speed to win, and in a rattling drive
Bullmah on Adirondack lost the decision
by a nose to Conley, astride High Chan
cellor. The books were not hurt by the
outsider's victory, as most of the money
bet was played for the show only.'
seern to be coming "Long-
I ., shot" Conley's way again, just as
1 1 they did before he became hump-
Ji • backed and increased th^' circum-
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND BACKTRACK— Monday, Feb. 3.— Weather fine. Track jmuddy^
3230. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; five-year-olds and upward; to! first, $323.
. . - ¦ . . . I . ¦ ,. ~ • ! Betting.
Index Horse. Age. ' Weight. St. *A. 94- Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. 1 Op. Cl.
3107 Young Morello. E.114 3 28 26 11.1'% W. Scharet*.. .J. Woods') 5 »-2
.3188 Hilary, 5....: 111 2 In. In 21 22 Piedmont Stable.Bullmnl 2 2
3213 Ulloa 6. 109 4 3 1 3 10 3 15 3 10 A. B. Spreckels. Jackson 4 5
3228 William F. 5 111 1 5h 42 4 10 4 15 Jone Kane Prior 10 10
S22S Senator Matts, 6.111 B 61 6151 51 W. L. llaskeil. O'Connor 7-2 16-i>
323S Scintillate, a 109 7,7 7 7 6 6 Mrs.Grosshm & Co.Nagle 10O «00
3167 Mary Nance, a.. .109 5 4152 6 Vi 7 J. E. Abbott HaHey 30 50
Time — % :25%; V. :50- 9i, 1:16»4. Good fctart. Won first three driving. Winner. W.
Scharetg's br. h. by Morello- Josie D. Toung Morello and Hilary raced out in front and
latter struck his colors first. Ulloa -would have beaten both at a longer route. Scintil
late ran away three miles. Scratched— Cor riejUel^Racivolll, Buck Taylor 111.
32 10. SECOND RACE— One mile 100 yards; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
~~ 1 r~ ; 7~ j B«tun«.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.] St. &• %. Str.' Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
S206 Klckumbob 5 106 5 3 1 3n 2<}i In W.James ..0"Connor S 13-3
3232 Fridolln, 4 89 4 1 U 1 4 1 n " 2 3 G. W. Scott. . .Winslette 12 20
8229 Nilgar, 6. 106 6 4li 61 41 31 Mrs. Jones & Co.Brknrth 5 11-2
8213 Expedient, 5 108 B 8 1 6 *4 6 n 4n P. E. Smith Troxler 13 15
3226 Vasallo, 3 08 1 2*4 41 ,1 h 56- Burns & Waterhs.Rnsch 5-2 4
3220 Bob Palmer, 4... 101 7 7n 82 61 6^a T.E. McLaughlln. J.Daly 10 15
2410 Tlng-a-Ling 5... 104 2 5h 71 74 75 C.W. Chappelle.Watrbry 5O SO
3228 Darlene, 4 99» » 15 8 lft 8 4 85 Dr.H.E. ¦ Rwll..L.A.Jksn 5 6O
3232 Onyx, « 106 8 62 2% 9 10 & 10 W. P. Fine Jackson 15 2O
8221 Sand de Lee. 3... 89 10 10 10. 10 • 10 Ted Hayes. W. Daly 100 200
Time— &, :25%; %, :51; 34, 1:18ft: mile, 1:45%; 1 mile 100 yards. 1:51%- Good etart.
Won first threa driving. Winner. W. James* br. g. by Idalium-Maria F. Klckumbob has
bad knees and going Just suited him. Nllgar might have won had Blrkenruth made a
play for the lead sooner. Expedient a 6low beginner. Vasallo stopped. Darlene away
very poorly. Scratched— Gold Baron 106. Windward 109.
32-tl. 'THIRD RACE — Three and a half, furlongs; selling:; two- year-olds; to first. $325.
J Betting.
Index Horse and Weight St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Ct
323.1 High Chancellor.. IIS 4 ... 8% 2 1 Ins Chtnn & Forsythe.Conley 20 60
3233 Adirondack 115 1 ... 12 1 % 21 Burne A Watrhs.Bullmn 9-5- 2
3204 Hudson 118 3 ... 2 1 3h 35 B. Schreiber... . -O* Conor 7-5 T-5
3204 Ora Viva IIS 5 ... fi 42 45 ©.Summers & Co.Moance 2 3-2
Nlgrette ,......:. 115 2 ... 4 2 5 5 W.B.Jenngs & Co .Burns 10 15
Time— y u :25; 3%f, :43. Good start. Won first three driving. "Winner, Chlnn & Porsythe's
b. c. by Odd Fellow-Leonatua Mare No. 2. Toss up at the end. Hud3on outfooted. Ora
Viva away poorly. Nlgrette green. ¦ • -
3242. FOURTH RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Hor»«. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
8224 Duckoy, 5 ..Ill 4 1 1% 1 iy a 1 1 11 G. B. Morris... O'Connor 0-10 3^5
3236 Com. Forster, 3.. 06 5 5 6 5 2 n J. F. Schorr. .Brkenrutn 7 6
(3170) Jim Hale, 4 106 2 2^21 22 3% W. L. Stanfleld. Jackson 2 13-5
(2C56) Doreen. 3 89 1 8 1 -3 n 41 45 Burns ft Waterhae.Rdfm 8 12
3231 Dlvlna. 3 89 3 4143.31 5 |A. J. Stemler.-Winslette 1O 40
Time — Y*. :26%: %, :52; %. 1:17%; mile, 1:44. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, G. B. Morris' b. g. by Brutus-Decoy Duck. Winner hard to beat In
J damp going: Com. Forater arrived late. Jim Hale grew weary chasing tne winner. Do
reen showed speed. So did Divlna. Scratched — Milas 94.
3243. FIFTH RACE— 1 mile and 100 yards; selling; three-year-olds and up: to first. $323.
Index | Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. 14. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
8224 Diderot, 4. 107 H 2 1% 2 2 1~1 1 1^ |J. P. Atkin Jackson 2 5^2
3229 Constable. 3 86 7 6 2 6^ 3h 2 1^ Ezell & Lazarus. Redfern 4 5
3228 Sunello, 5 ..106 2 3131 42 34 M. Storn O'Connor fi 10
3104 Grand Sachem. a.lOS 4 4^41 5 10 4 1 J. J. Moran Troxler 8 15
3182 Decoy, 5.. 109 B In In 2 1 5 10 Geo. Miller. T. Burns 2 8-3
3222 Legal Maxim, 3.. 92 6 5 h 5 h B 1 fi 5 H. L. Jones J. Daly 5 15
319;; [Xorford. 5 115 3 7 7 7 7 <3. W. Baldwin .J. Woods 10 10
Time— V 4 , :25; 1$, :50%; %, 1:17: m. 1:44; 1 m. and 100 yards. 1:40%. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, J. P. Atkin" 3 ch. g. by Rousseau-La Relna. Constable away poorly
or he might have won. Decoy quit after racing out in front wrth Diderot. Sachem quit
after looking at one time to have a chance. Maxim no speed. Scratched— Mission 109, Ein
stein 100, San Venado 10f>, Cougar 104. ¦ . ¦
3244. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:; four-year-olds and up; to first. $025.
I I I Betting
Index|Horse. Age. Weight.|St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
(3177) Scorpio.. 5.... 114 1 13 15 1J1J 1 ij W. H. Ketcheman. Jcksn|"T2 2^5
262S True Blue, a 107 3 45 4 15 2 n 2 5 O. Summers & Co. .O'Cnr 10 15
3207 Captivate, 4 105 .t 3 n 31 32 3 6 P. Hildreth. ..Blrkenruthl 6 H
(3214) Maresa. 4 ....106 2 2 3 24 4 10 4 10 J. H. Dolan Hoar 5 10
2503 Valenclenne. a....l0S 4 5 2 5 3 ,5 1 5 Quinlan & Peck..Troxler 10 50
3156 Tlzona, 6 107 C 620 « 20 6 15,6 15 Partington Bros.-Ransch 10 ir>
3121 Idaho Chief II. 4.107| 7 7 7 7-7 E. E. Randall.. Bwrlngme . 100 r.0<)
Time — Vt. :24»4; M. :48?i: %. 1:15*4; Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
Winner. W.H. Ketcheman's b. g. by Chorister-Zodiac. Scorpio revels In sloppy going. It
was not supposed True Blue favored it. Captivate swerved nearinj? the wire. Maresa auit.
Scratched— School for Scandal 100, Kitty Kelly 105, Sir Hampton 110.
Fifth race— six furlongs; 3-year-old colts and
geldings; selling:
S21T Chandoo .....117 3061 Evander 114
3226 Maraschino ..114 (3221)Dw. Way 114
3071 Baldo 114 320S Bassenzo ....114
,3227 Sen. Bruce... 117
Sixth race — One mil© and fifty yards, selling;
4-year-old3 and upward:
Third race — Three and one-half furlong?,
purse; maiden 2-year-old fillies:
.... M Sherwood. 115 S151 Imp Puss In
3233 M Drossel 115 Boots 115
3199 Dotterel 115 3210 Ml Keina 115
3109 Lt. Margaret.l0S
Fourth rac* — One 'mile; the Kearney handi
cap: 8-year-old3 and upward:
S230 Kenilworth ..120 (3224)Rollick 104
3165 Mercer »<J 3237 Frangible ... 82
(3202)Marcato Ill 3206 Joe Rlpley...ll4
3228 M. L. Roths- 319G Formero Ill
child .. 100 3222 Hungarian ..lit
3195 Siddons 100 (3220)A!oha II Ill
S232 Light Ball... NX; 2982 Galantlros ...lOrt
3196 Dunblane 114 3228 Lodestar ....111
(3213)Bathos 114]
Selections for To-Day.
First race — John Peters, Wyoming. Aiigato.
Second race — Jlngler, Silver Fizz, Th«
Weaver.
Third race — Puss In Boots, Ml Reiaa, Dot
terel.
Fourth race — Mercer. Rollick, Kenilworth.
Fifth race — Chandoo, Maraschino, Evander.
Sixth race — Formero, Bathos, Marcato.
\
round Childs continued to play for the
stomach, easily avoiding Hanrahan'a
wild swings. After about a minute of
flghtins they got into a clinch and on the
breakaway Childs shoved a straight leTt
Into Hanrahan's stomach. The blow
doubled Hanrahan up and as his head
dropped forward the colored man brought
his right square on the Jaw. Hanrahan
fell flat on his back, and after being
counted out his seconds carried him to
his corner, where they worked over him
for fully ten minutes before he was abl«
to walk to his ctres3ing-room.
Juniors Defeat the Seniors.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 3.-
The junior class baseball team defeated
the senior nine this afternoon by the score
of 14 to 2 in a comedy of mud and errors.
Three Favorites Splash Home First in the Muddy Going at OaklandJrack.
Ducl(oy; With O'Connor Up, Was; as Usual, Hard to Catch—Diderot
Given an Argument by Constable— True Blue Had Scorpio All Out at Wire
Twentieth- Gentury Club
to Bid for Champion
. \ ship Fight.
BIG PERCENTAGE
OFFERED BOXERS
CONLEY FIRST ON HIGH CHANCELLOR
AT ODDS OF 60 TO 1 IN THE RING
THE SAN FRANCISCO * CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1902.
"IN THE PALACE OF THE KING" ADDS
ITSELF TO THE LIST OF SUCCESSES
Production ProvesWorthy the Name-— "The Pride of Jennico" Pleases Au
dience at the California, "The Danites" Holds the Boards at the
Alcazar and Entertaining Plays Are Billed at All the Local Theaters
SCENE FROM F. MARION CRAWFORD'S CLEVER DRAMA NOW BE
ING PRODUCED AT THE COLUMBIA, AND A TALENTED ACTRESS
WHO IS APPEARING AT THE CALIFORNIA. ' . •
Is one of the cleverest performances that
has been seen at the theaters here in some
time. The cast is made up of- old Tivoli
favorites, and there is not one of the per
formers that is not up to the mark set by
the admirers of comic opera who fre
quent the house. Ferris Hartman's Ameer
is very funny, and his efforts are ably
seconded by Edward Webb, who appears
occasionally as Crackasmile, the court
Jester. '< . ¦ -
- Harry Cashman as Heezaburd; lord high
chamberlain to the Ameer, plays his part
cleverly and gets as much humor out of
his lines as 1» possible. Little but praise
can be given to Harold Gordan, the Tlvo
li's new tenor. He has a clear, sweet voice
and a good Btage presence. John Cun
ningham as Blakjak is a favorite, partic
ularly' when his part gives him a chance
to exercise his splendid barytone voice.
Frances Graham, Annie Myers and An
na Lichter still hold the Tivoli audience as
in past seasons, and the work of the chor
us, -particularly in the second act, is
worthy of praise. .
IN the Palace of the King," produced
last night at the Columbia Theater,
added itself immediately to the list
of the large successes of recent the
atrical years. It is a production
worthy of the name on which has been
expended the best effort of the stage
manager, > scene painter, costumer and
all the honorable, tribe that must lend
their wits to make the play the tiling^
after him. whd has penned it and those
who act it have been given their larger
share. The settings and costumes— to
speak disrespectfully of the frame before
the picture— are of the truly sumptuous
order, ¦rich, splendid and in admirable
taste, and with all the evidence of a
careful historical correctness in tho tie
tail. They are "by" Ernest Albert and
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Seidle of the
Metropolitan Opera-house, who for the
fine art of the achievement deserve to
be remembered with those better known
folk who have made the more familiar
success of the piece.
"In the Palace of the King," one is in
formed, is a dramatization by Lorimer
Stoddard of F. Marion Crawford's novel
of the name, J#A possessing the unique
distinction of having been planned before
the story was written and played before
the book was published.. Mr. Stoddard
has made quite free with the- incident of
the story, changing It importantly even to
shifting the characters in places and in
troducing others. The main incident of
the story, Don John's love for the beau
tiful Donna Dolores de Mendoza, with the
wholesale opposition it meets with, re
mains unchanged, and being brought into
stronger relief its importance is even en
hanced. The playwright has done his
work very effectively in keeping the his
torical note clear and as a picture of the
day of King Philip II of Spain it is both
accurate and highly picturesque. The
play drops Into melodrama quite frequent
ly, measuring a thrill a minute In the
fourth act In true Morosco style. But it
is generally plausible, the probabilities
are not subjected to too heavy strain, and
It is clear in plot and not overcrowded
save in the same fourth act.
As the fair Dolores de Alendoza. Viola
Allen has as good opportunity for the ex
ercise of her peculiar gifts as she has ever
had. The charm of freshness, vivacity.
Spontaneity was always here, and
she has. added a yet fuller power to her
art. There is a delightful quality of un
expectedness about her work, a quaint
turn or twist that turns pathos into mirth
with a merry magic that is irresistible.
She has a delicious vein of humor, and
her love-making scenes with Don John
are as pretty as they make them. Neither
does Miss Allen lack emotional power,
and if there Js a note that seems a little
off-key In her work sometimes it is a too
robust quality in the scenes where trag
edy looks in. Her scene where she defies
her father to separate her from her lover
by any means this side of^cold poison, re
minding him that she is his daughter and
has a will of her own, is as powerful as
any in the play, with its glimpse of ten
derness where the proud hidalgo reveals
his hidden 1 love for his daughter. But
there is climax after climax— more than
might wisely be— wherein Miss Allen
shines .with different light, placing her
self among those that count In all of
these. - : - • - :
Miss Allen's supporting - company ' is
almost of the best. Don John is played
by William Pascoe, and is a manly and
pleasant conception without being par
ticularly strong. W. E. Bonney, who is
the King Philip, is one of the best play
ers in the company. He presents ah ad
mirably realistic portrait of the "plotting
monarch, full of power and dignity. It
is a case of complete .identity:- with r the
character, and adds tremendously to the
atmosphere of the play> J An '.-excellent
sketch of the court jester .is done by
Arthur T. Hoyt, whose work isa.gem in
grotesque. Walter Hitchcock is a most
unchurchly cardinal, and J. H. Benrimo
lacks magnificence as Dolores' stern
parent. -,• ¦/. ¦ <, ¦- ,
The women of the company are only
Important In two instances-fMisSAdelaide
Prince as the highborn' adventuress, Prin
cess Eboli. and Adelaide Warren as Don
na. Inez, the sister of. Dolores. Both are
adequate. Miss Prlncft shows consider
able cleverness as the scheming Princess,
and without disdaining jto sound the
melodramatic accent that the part large
ly demands. Miss 'Warren; also, is suffi
cient unto her part, making a touching
and effective picture of the blind girl. The
remainder of the cast is acceptably filled,
S nd , I' 1 ", the Pala ce of the King" is
booked for success. A large house,
gowned in its best, greeted the play last
night, and testified by ample applause its
pleasure in the production.
Grand Opera-House.
The opening night of "Jim the Penman"
at the Grand Opera-house was . very suc
cessful. The audience was unusually large
and enthusiastic, and the excellent play
was pleasingly rendered.
Jim the Penman is the. police name for
a forger whose crimes have extended over
two continents. He has won ' a fortune
for himself and accomplices by "his clever
work- and stolen the affections and hand
of the fiancee of one of his boyhood
friends. A brilliant detective, who is the
leading character of the play, finally dis
covers his -rascality. His. wife' also learns
of the trick i by which she was . won
through a comparison of letters. The
forger sets things as nearly right as pos
sible, and is prepared to take the conse
quences of his misdeeds when he dies of
heart failure. , ; ... , - — .
The play Is replete with thrilling situa
tions and applause is frequent. -Edwin
Arden as the detective leaves little to be
desired. His work is admirable and shows
that his reputation is Justly won.- Her
schel Mayall as the forger and Laura Nel-
Bon Hall as his wife appear to good ad
vantage. Lillian Albertson has a. difficult
part, which she renders very creditably.
Gardner Crane asthe chief victim of the
forger's wiles is also much in, popular fa
vor. The rest of the cast furnishes excel
lent support for the leaders.
Orpheum.
Kelly and Violette display some stun
ning costumes in their act this week at
the Orpheum, and they are gaining in
pdpularity at every appearance. They
are sweet singers and the vaudeville yell
has n6t. afflicted them. They are as good
in coon songs as in the non-syncopated
ballad and well earn the recalls that are
forced upon them.
Josephine Sabel has a way of her own
that takes the house. She is full oiMlte
The women of the Da Coma family are
as clever as the men and do several
"stunts" that, are hair raisers. Adelina
Roattino warbles like a real cantatrice
and sings "Coming Through the Rye" in
a very fetching way.
The great cycle whirl, the Paust trio,
the trained dogs, Jordan and Crouch and
the American biograph are up to the
usual standard. The scene of the Jubilee
bridge across the St- Lawrence at Mon
treal,, shown on the biograph, is especial
ly interesting.
Alcazar.
: Joaciuln Miller's powerful play, "The
Danltes," was revived at the Alcazar
-Theater last - night. The success < it
achieved with McKee Rankin and , his
clever wife In the leading roles has never
.left it and its representation of life In
.the mining camps in the • Sierras during
:the days of '49 will always appeal strongly
;to the people -of the golden West. •
' ¦ The "production of the stock- company
last night was most creditable In every
respect. The parts were evenly balanced
and. the result was apparent in the curtain
calls after the close of each act. M. L.
Alsop as Sandy McGee, a. typical miner of
the- early days; 1 looked the part tc-perfec
tion and gave a forceful and Intelligent
portrayal. ..George Osbourne as 'Charles
Godfrey, the parson, • achieved a marked
success. •.-: . • -¦ ••'•;',
Frank Bacon gave a lifelike representa
tion of the Judge who -"flourished inthls
glorious climate of California," and Henry
Shumer, Carlyle Moore, Howard Scott, 1
Paul Gerson, Royal Dana Tracy and Jack
Morris were good In their respective parts.
Marlon Convere was very .-- effective as
Nancy Williams,; who posed', as y, "Billy
Piper," the boy miner, and aroused the
sympathies of the audience. _ . :
¦Margaret Wycherley was attractive as
Hulda Brown, the school -teacher, and
Marie Howe - and , Georgie .Woodthorpe
were excellent as Captain .Tommie.. and
Bunker Hill, respectively. .Little 'Ollie
.Cooper was Georgie and played the part
-intelligently. ¦ The.play.ia well staged.
California.
Lovers of the romantic drama should
not miss the opportunity of witnessing 1
"The Pride of Jennico," which Is the of
fering: this • week at the California Thea
ter. The dramatization of the famous
novel of the same name retains the prin
cipal - incidents'- of the fiction and affords
the actors every opportunity for spirited
work." ¦ ':
- fh» company, presenting "The Pride of
Jennico." , while it has Bomef weak mem
bers; does 'credit to- the play, and the
audience . last evening- was enthusiastic in
lavishing applause. The story of love and
villainy? is -well portrayed and the human
emotions are skillfully played upon.
The honors of the production are shared
by -Wallace »Worsley as Basil Jennico and
Miss Frances Neilson as the Princess of
I>ornheini. >The balance Of the cast is
very acceptable and the mounting of the
play, is realistic. , * .
Central/
'• "Master and' Man," a ' strong five-act
melodrama., was presented at the Central
Theater last night. The piece is 'one of
Tivoli.
"The Ameer" as presented at the Tivo.i
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/^-^ - J sick room. was for-
gotten while the fam-
ily gazed breathless at this strange
tragedy of the air. Then they -went back
to the sick room to tell of the terrible
struggle for life they had just witnessed.
It did not occur to them thnt under their
eery eyes a more terrible,; more pathetic
struggle was going, on daily. .
There can be nothing more pitiful
than the struggle the consumptive
makes against disease. The greatest
help in this struggle is gained by the
oseof Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery. It cures obstinate coughs, weak
and bleeding lungs, - emaciation, and
other ailments which if neglected or
anskiilfully treated find v a fatal termina-
tion in consumption.
"In 1898 one of my daughters was suffering on
account of a severe .cougrh. hectic fever, wasting
of fiesh end other symptoms of diseased ln«£s »
•rrites Rev. Joseph II. Fesperman. of. Barium
Springs. Ireacll Co.. N. C. "I promptly gave
her Dr. R. V. Picrce's Golden Medical Discovery'
with gratifying success, aud she now- enjovs
excellent health. This being true, I hereby
heartily endorse your medicines." „ ¦ ;i
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med- '
ical Discovery." There is nothing .« just
as good" for diseases of the stomach,
blood and lungs, j ¦ ' • '
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets assist th»~
•cSon of the "DiecorerT." I
H.-. To-day we shall put on a
1 - sale of* ioo dozen golf shirts s^^£f n
I-/; at a prjce that will clear them . B
S r out at once. They are several small lots .left over from 8
¦ ¦¦•¦ last season, but are now sill bunched together to be of- #3
H fered'. at one price. They are made from madras, heavy fa
H percale and muslin with silk fronts ina number of neat p
wj patterns and colorings; pair of separate cuffs with $
H each shirt; sizes 14 to 17, and principally in sizes 15, jj
M 16 and 16/^; former -prices 50c arid 75c — -every shirt §
H] ..... vut-of-town _orders ff//ed-r-wr/fe us. ||John . Glason, the 14-year-old boy
charged ; ; with ; the ¦ .murder of J Henry
Niblock, another. boy, as the result of a
fight at . the Eureka Boiler : Works,' . ap
peared before Judge : Mogan yesterday.'
He was -instructed as to his rights and
the case continued for : a week pending
the result of the" Coroner's inquest.
Boy Charged With Murder.
Gas and Liquor Nearly Cause Death.
Gabe Ritchie was found in : his .'room -in
the lodging-house, 724.: Natoma, street,
early yesterday morning, partly asphyxi
ated. He had returned home a few. hours
before' in an intoxicated condition and
turned on the gas,' letting: it escape.- He
was discovered. by the landlady and sent
to the Emergency Hospital, where he was
restored to -consciousness. •¦ .. ¦
Opinions Handed Down in Several
Cases Tried in 'Alaska and
Washington Districts.
Judges Gilbert, Ross and Hawlev
opened the February term of the United
States Circuit Court.of Appeals yesterday
and handed down opinions in the follow
ing cases: ¦ .
J. P. Corbus-as administrator of the estate
of Robert Duncan Jr. (deceased) vs S C
Leonhardt — United States District Court or
Alaska — Judgment affirmed with costs ».
The Alaska United Gold Mining Company vs
Henry Muset as administrator of the estate
of Edward Hegman. (deceased)— District of
Alaska— Judgment affirmed. . . ,
The United States of American vs Isaac Va"n
Winkle— Land District of Boise, Idaho— Judg
ment affirmed. .
.The Washington Irrigation Company vs the
California : Safe Deposit and Trust Company
et al.— Southern Division, District of Wash
ington—Orders of the Circuit Court of firmed.
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT
COUET OF APPEAXS.
An j unknown man, about 60 years £j of
age,: who was knocked down by a 'Mis
sion-street car at the crossing of Seventh
street on Friday night, died, yesterday af
ternoon at the Central Emergency Hos
pital. • His skull was fractured and he did
not regain consciousness after the acci
dent. There was nothing about, him to
lead to his Identification. • The. man waa
very poorly dressed.
Unknown j Man Dies at Hospital.
Thursday the great factory shoe sale
will begin. Be around for your shoes—
you will be properly fitted, otherwise you
need not buy. There is a stock of $20,000
worth of these fine shoes to be disposed
of. - Regular $3 50 shoes for men and wo
men; $1 85 will buy a pair of them at the
Bee Hive Shoe Company, ,717 Market st.,
where the sale of shoes will start this
coming- Thursday. • •
Stylish. $3.50 Shoes for $1.85.
Crowley was arrested yesterday after
noon and booked at the City Prison, and
detectives are trying to find the two
bunko men.
. Sommers was walking along Third street
Friday when he was approached by a
youn,g man who asked to be directed to
some street. The usual conversation en
sued and the young man asked Sommers
to accompany him to the "State Bureau"
to get a job. When they reached Casey's
Exchange the young. man invited Som
mers in to have a drink. The stranger
began to shake dice with another man at
the bar and remarking that he had left
his money at home asked Sommers to
lend him $1(50. Sommers gave him the
money and $40. more .and then the two
men and the bartender, he says kicked
him out of the saloon. He said the bar
tender offered to return him the monev
yesterday if he would not say anything to
the police.
Charles Sommers, a former soldier,
made the acquaintance of a bunko man
last Friday, and it will cost him $140.
besides the indignity of being kicked out
of a saloon. He swore to a complaint be
fore Judge Cabaniss yesterday ¦ charging
three men with grand larceny by- trick
and device, one of them being Con Crow
ley, bartender in | Casey's Exchange sa
loon, 141 Third street, and the two others
"John Doe" and "Richard Roe."
Con Crowley, a Bartender, Arrested
and Two Other Men Are
Wanted.
SOMMEES BUNKOED AND
KICKED OUT OF SALOON
Deceased was a native of Illinois j and
was 63 years of age. His body was
brought to this city. Notices of ' the
funeral will be announced later.
A few months • ago Mr. Evans was
stricken with paralysis and his physicians
ordered him to taKe a long rest in j the
country. He never recovered from his
illness, but grew day. by day gradually
worse. '., : ¦ . - ' ¦¦ ._¦ ~ . . .. ¦ ¦ .-. L .
Word was received in thlj , city . yester
day that A. H. Evans, who has been sec
retary of the Pacific Transfer Company
for several years, died Sunday In Sonoma
County. Deceased was for many years
secretary of the firm of Goodall, Perkins
& Co., and was well known in the busi
ress world.
Transfer Company, Succumbs
to Paralysis. .
A. H. Evans, Secretary of Pacific
WELL-KNOWN BUSINESS
MAN SUMMONED BY DEATH
Trouble Among' Sewer Cleaners.
James Hnr.ter and Michael Duddy,
sewer cleaners In the Department of
Works, who were retained In their po
sitions although others ahead of tljem on
the eligible list were dismissed, were
forced out on the protest of the Civil Ser
vice Commission yesterday. The Board of
Works retained Hunter and Duddy be
cause of their efficiency, but succumbed
to the dictum of the commission and dis
p'.aced them by reappointlng Thomas
Shea and James Murray, who headed the
eligible list. Hunter and Duddy now
threaten to retaliate by securing evidence
that Shea and Murray were illegally
placed on the eligible list.
The complaining witness repeated on
the stand the same story that she told
to Postofflce Inspector D. Coyne, that,
calling at the postofflce in Calistoga one
day, the postmaster informed her that
Von Duering had taken out several let
ters addressed to her. She demanded an
explanation of Von Duering and discov
ered that he had . been writing in her
name love letters to r a man named .Walter
Luhn, an acquaintance of Mrs. . Preitz in
St. Louis. Von Duering's -defense was
that at Mrs. Preitz's request he wrote the
love letters for her and kept the replies
for safekeeping after she had read them.
Dietrich von Duering was held yester
cay 'to answer by United States Court
Commlssiontr Heacock for having opened
letters addressed to Mrs. Robert
Preitz. Von Duering is . a wealthy resi
dent of Larkmead, Napa County,- and
Mrs. Preitz is the wife of Mrs. von Duer
ing's brother. . . -
ing Her Name to Love
Letters.
Mrs. Preitz Accuses Him of Forg-
VON DTEERING MUST
STAND HIS TBIAL
Lots of people lose their temper, but,
unfortunately, the loss is not permanent.
Parishioners Take Action.
.The following resolutions to the mem
ory of the late Lawrence J. Dwyer were
adopted at a. meeting qf the parishioners
of St. Peter's Church yesterday: ¦ ¦
• : Whereas,' -It hath pleased Almighty God lo
call to himself the Honorable . Lawrence J.
Dwyer, a member of this parish; and - • : . , ¦
Whereas, Mr. Dwyer was always foremost in
every good work connected with St. Peter's
Church; now, therefore, be It : ¦•¦ '
Resolved,' That we, the members of ' St.
Peter's" parish In meeting assembled, deplore
the passing of ¦ a life so full . of promise and
so rich in good deeds, and that we tender to
his afflicted wife and dear" children our»hearti
est condolence and pray the father of the
widow and the orphan to strengthen them In
their sorrow and to comfort them In the faith
that we all shall be united again In the resur
rection to be parted no more. : . . -
Ministerial Meetings.
There waa the ¦ usual large attendance
at the : -weekly ministers', jineetins: yes
terday. The Baptists were addressed . by
the Bey. Dr. Baldwin. of Alameda. Rev.
Kobert Ritchie of .St. Paul's, Oakland,
delivered a scholarly paper on "Ministe
rial Support'' before the Episcopalian min
isters. .At the Methodist ministers' meet
ing a committee of five, composed of Rev.
Drs. Bain, Briggs, Baker, Stephens and
Latimer, was appointed, to appear before
the : Supervisors and protest against the
opening of Ingleside. Rev. Dr. Heff of
Salt Lake 'addressed the meeting. He
dwelt on the importance of the work ; of
the Church. Extension Society. . '.:. ;
It is said that the remarks were made before
the Jury was impaneled. This makes no dif
ference. They were made in presence of all the
Jurors. It matters not. therefore, whether they
were in the Jury bor or outside the railing of
the courtroom. There is no pretense that the"
Jurors present did not hear the remarks. The
remarks of the court, if erroneous, had the
same effect as an erroneous instruction given
to the Jury regularly impaneled.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals said yesterday in commenting upon
the remark made by Judge Noyes:
Judge Arthur H. Noyes, sitting on the
bench, said: "It happened that the state
ment was made In the presence of Mrs.
Arthur H. Noyes and myself by Mrs.
Thomas Noyes."
District Attorney Joseph K. Wood, now
incarcerated In the San Francisco Coun
ty Branch Jail for contempt of the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals, stated
that the counsel for the defense wanted
Tom Noyes to swear that he gave George
Allen money to play faro, but that he
didn't do it-
This testimony would account for the
$100 In bills found upon the prisoner after
the robbery.
Would Account for $100 in Bills
The foregoing impressive words spoken
yesterday morning by Judge Thomas P.
Hawley of the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals will be perpetuated in
the printed reports of the court's pro
ceedings as a standing monument of the
fairness and impartiality of the United
States courts. They occur in the opinion
written by him on behalf of the court
reversing the decision of Judge Arthur H.
Noyes of the District Court of Alaska in
the case of the United States vs. George
Allen, indicted for highway robbery. Al
len was shown to have a bad reputation
and was sentenced to fourteen years' Im
prisonment in the penitentiary. The case
attracted considerable attention in Wash
ington and Alaska, because the prisoner,
who Is but 21 years of age. is said to be
a son of Senator Allen of Washington.
The defendant's counsel appealed on
three grounds— first, because the court re
fused to allow a continuance to secure
the testimony of Thomas Noyes, brother
of the Judge; second, because Judge
Noyes made a remark in the presence of
the talesmen that tended to prejudice
their minds against the prisoner, and
third, because the court allowed questions
to be asked of the defendant on the
cross-examination as to his past record,
whith questions were irrelevant to the
case at bar and tended to prejudice the
jury against the defense. The defend
ant's counsel had stated that . Thomas
Xoyes would testify, if present, that he
gave the defendant $100 in Canadian bills
on the morning preceding the robbery to
play in a faro game.
Said to Be a Son of a Senator.
"This is a sacred boon granted to every
person and of which no one should ever
be deprived.- The law, in its extended
reach, is as tender of the rights of the
man who Is supposed to be bad as It is
of the liberties and rights of the man who
is believed to be good. The trial of every
man should be free from undue prejudice
or odium, especially upon the part of all
officers clothed with the power and
charged with the duty of maintaining the
law in such a manner as to reach the
ends of justice and of right."
"AH men stand equal before the law
and have the same constitutional rights
anc priviiegres. The high and the low,
the poor and the rich, the criminal and
the law-abiding when indicted and ac
cused of crime are entitled under the law
to a fair and impartial trial.
Pro rata expenses of sending delegates to
Y-'aFhington '.n connection with the advocacy of
a direct PteamEhlp line from San Francisco to
Manila, $35G SS: pro rata. expenses for the en
tertainment of the Congressional Committee on
P.ivers and Harbors, f 147 37: pro rata expenses
tm delegates to the Transmississippi Congress,
?:rr m: the total of euch donations being
?.V32 20.
The reports not only indicated the con
dition of the board, but also told of the
general transactions of the year. The
president alluded to the demise of Charles
F. Tay, Herman J. Sadler, Benjamin 1.
J^acy, Samuel Stemheim, Otto Muser.
Samuel Feder and Leopold Breuner, all
members of the board, who, as the presi.
dent phrased it, have during the past year
"balanced their accounts, closed their
books and joined the silent majority."
Tables of business transactions were re
ported. From these it appeared that dur
ing the twenty-five years of the work of
the board there were 11,515 failures on the
Pacific Coast, in which the total of liabil
ities was $72,75<S.2S:>. The average liabil
ities per firm in this great amount of dis
asters were $6221 IS. and the total of re
coveries was 532.072,799. the average per
cent c£,settlements being 52.32.
The failures in California in the year
3901 numbered 422 and the liabilities
amounted to S2.146.C3S. The membership
of the board was reported to be 192, a loss
of five during- the year. The treasurer ot
the board has S15.782 GO in cash on hand,
a decrease of $253 06 for the year.
The following donations were made by
the board for the benefit of the public.
In addition to this matter of importance
the board listened to annual reports from
President Watkins, Secretary H. L. Smith
and Attorney Kirk and elected directors
to fill vacancies and also officers for the
year. The directors, each of whom sue
ceeds himself, are: A. A. Watkins, H.
11. Holbrook and William ClufL The offi
cers elected are: President. A. A. Wat
kins; first vice president, William Cluff;
second vice president, Leopold Michaels;
treasurer, Sanford Bennett; secretary. H.
L. Smith; attorney, Joseph Kirk.
The San Francisco Board of Trade at
its annual session yesterday afternoon
discussed the interesting subject of fraud
ulent debtors and their punishment. Two
plans were suggested, the. one in most
detail originating with Sanford Bennett.
His idea was that the Board of Trade
should provide a fund of some size, but
that this fund should not be available
until the creditors should have paid 50
per cent of the costs for prosecution of
fraudulent individuals. Director Nickels
burg moved that the whole matter be left
to a committee of seven members to be
appointed by President A. A. Watkins.
The motion prevailed and the committee
will be appointed with instructions to pre
pare a pian tcr prosecution by the board,
such plan to be finally voted upon by
every member of the board before it is to
be considered as being in force. .
Trade Has Annual
Meeting.
San Francisco Board of
United States Court
Holds Them Both as
Equals. .
Rev. C. N. Lathrop, Mr. and Mrs. A. J.
Kasten, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Winterburn, Miss
Louise Winterburn, Mrs. James M. Ga/saway,
Griffith Gassaway, Master Alexander^ Gassa
way, Rea Hanna, Herbert Edgar Manuell, Mr.
and Mrs. G. W. Reed, Mr. and Miss Dempsey,
Dr. and Mrs. Alderman, Mrs. Florence C. Corn
wall, Miss Madison. Miss Dollie Madison, J. W.'
Allaire, Dr. de Fonseca, Mrs. George D. Rush
more, Mrs. H. Blossom, Mrs. Florence
Moore, Mrs. Eagle, Mrs. Watson, Mr. and
Mrs. H. L. Dewey, Mr. and Mrs. L. Steller,
Mr. and Mrs. Wilson, Miss Florence Kirk,
Mrs. E. J. H. Van Deerlln and family,- Miss
Deal, Miss Farnham, William Nodder, Mrs.
Morgan, Mrs. Dodge. Mrs. Priest, Mrs. Brad-»
ford, Mrs. Marvin, Mrs. and Miss Miller, Miss
Bethene, Miss S." Scott, Miss Mary Wood, the
Misses Carlisle. Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Goodwin,
Mr. and Mrs. Blckell, Miss Agnes McCullough,
Miss Kathryn McCullough, Robert Dodd, Mr.
and Mrs. H. L. Bradley, Mr. and Mrs. John
Conklin, Mr. Preece. Miss L. Auger, Mrs. John
E. Quinn, Miss Lillian M. Quinn, Frank P.
Scully. E. Held, J. Hawkins. James Turk, • M.
L,. Jones, Dr. F. R. Stpkes, Miss Price, Thomas
Duncan Ferguson, Miss Eunice Kasten, Miss
Lotte Kasten, H. Beveridsre, Mrs. McKeon,
»Miss McKeon and Mr.' and Miss Hanshlar.
Those present at the reception were:
The Rev. Herbert Parrlsh was given a
reception last evening by the members of
the Episcopal Church of the Advent In
honor of the second year of his pastorate.
The reception took place in the Sunday
school room of the church, at Eleventh
street, near Market. A pleasing vocal and
instrumental programme was rendered,
and the pastor feelingly replied to an ad
dress of welcome.
by Members of Church of the
Advent.
Second Year of Pastorate Celebrated
These attributes were never more in evi
dence than in the hour of the late accident,
when, through no fault of yours, your vesse
was sunk in collision with the steamer Sausa
lito, and when It was due entirely to youi
prompt action in lashing the vessels together,
and your thoughtful consideration of those un
der your care, that the loss of life was verj
small, when an immense loss would otherwise
have been Inevitable. In evidence of our ap
preciation we ask your acceptance of this sin
cere token of our gratitude and continued con
fidence and esteem.
On behalf of six hundred and fifty subscriber)
hereto, January 10, 1902.
C W. WRIGHT,
Chairman of Committee.
M. M. TOMPKINS.
BENJ. SCOUXiER, Secretary.
Captain McKenzlo accepted the sift In
a fitting manner.
He Is now 79 years of age and was born
In New York. Prior to coming to Califor
nia In 1S49 he was for a number of years
employed as a pilot on the Atlantic Coast.
He had been in the employ of the North
Pacific Coast Railroad Company foi
twenty-five years, the greater portion oJ
the time on the lost San Rafael.
To Captain John Taylor McKenzie, Mastei
Mariner, San Francisco Harbor: ; W«, whe
have been- passengers for many yean on thi
steamer San Rafael while under your com
mand, have had ample opportunity of recogniz
ing your skill, courage and caution as a navi
gator, your ability as a commander and youi
courtesy as a gentleman.
polished wood. The engrraving: waa dons
by Charles Grandjean, one of th» sur
vivors. On the upper part of the shield
is a picture of the San Rafael. Following
Is the inscription:
RECEPTION IS TENDERED
TO REV.- FATHER PARRISH
RICH AND POOR
TREATED ALIKE
NEW OFFICERS
ARE SELECTED
I respectfully submit, therefore, that it is
the duty of your Honor to suggest to the Grand
Jury that they should not be influenced by
the unwarranted and uncalled for language
used In said communication, and that said jury
should be advised as to the law, and thoy
should only take the law from the Judges of
the Superior Court or the District Attorney.
The sole contention urged by that writ was
the clear legal proposition that the Mayor was
acting without Jurisdiction.
The Mayor further states in his communica
tion to said Grand Jury that the petition for
the writ of certlorari which I filed in the Su
perior Court in the case of Williams vs.' the
Mayor was based partly upon the ground' that
the charges against Williams were groundless.
This, I presume, is an unintentional
nrisstatement of fact.
Charges Misstatement of Fact.
I submit that this section was Intended to
apply only to the filling of vacancies in elec
tive offices, where the appointing power is not
lodged elsewhere.
The Mayor further advises the Grand Jury
that under section 4 of chapter 1 of article 4
of the charter he can fill any vacancy
which occurs in any office, irrespective of
where the appointing power is lodged.
On this subject I respectfully beg leave to
call your Honor's attention to the case of
People vs. Cobb, decided by the Supreme Court
of this State in April last, and reported in
133 Cal., where our Supreme Court directly
holds that the Justices of the Peace are State
officers.
Second — "The Justices' flimsy contention is
that the Justices of the Peace are State offi
cers, and that, therefore, the chief clerk Is a
State officer, and I advise that neither of
these contentions is sound."
First — "I respectfully request you to apply
to said Justices the provisions of sections 75S
to 772, inclusive, of the Penal Code of the
State of California."
These provisions apply to district, county,
township and municipal officers only.
Furthermore, in Instructing the Grand Jury
as to the law, the Mayor uses the following
language :
I submit that no citizen, no matter how dig
nified his office may be, has the right In a
communication to the Grand Jury to employ
the language abore quoted, as the same is cal
culted to Influence said jury In the determina
tion of the -question pending before them. -¦
language With a Sting.
Tenth — "When one member of an unclean
political organization is forced to retire under
tire, his place should not be at once filled by
a member of the same political machine."
Ninth — "Mr. Windrow • • • is clearly a
usurper liable in my judgment to criminal
prosecution."
Eighth — "My judgment is that it is willful
misconduct for the Justices to take such ac
tion. The Justices' flimsy contention is that
the Justices of the Peace are State officers and
therefore the chief clerk is a. State officer."
Seventh — "In support of their unholy com
bination the Justices have threatened and In
timidated lltlrants."
Sixth — (Referring to Clerk Windrow)
"Where he holds forth with as much authority
as though he were the veriest stranger claim
ing on the street corners to be authorized to
receive and to appropriate public moneys."
Fifth — "The Justices in order to carry out
their bold and audacious attempt to Install
another member of the push in the place of the
one who U deposed."
Fourth — "In his stead they assumed to
appoint Mr. Joseph Windrow, a copyist in the
County Clerk's office and a poltlcal colleague
of Mr. Williams."
, • Third — "I respectfully submit that cqnduct
of this character should receive strenuous and
immediate consideration." i
First — The Mayor in his communication, . a
copy of which I herewith Inclose, uses the
following language: "I feel it incumbent upon
me to call your, attention to the arbitrary and
high-handed acts of the Justices of the Peace
of the city and county of .San Francisco."
Second — "The high-handed proceedings of the
last few days certainly call for drastic ac
tion."
Section 925 provides that the Grand Jury
can only receive advice as to the law from
the District Attorney or the Judges of the
Suj>erior Court.
Said statement Is inaccurate both as to the
law and the facts and contains therein mat
ters presumably intended to influence the
Grand Jury in this matter.
Section 019 provides that the Grand Jury "can
receive none but legal evidence, and the btst
evidence in degree to the exclusion of hearsay
or secondary evidence." I_t is unnecessary to
state that this means legal evidence under
oath. '
Questions of Evidence.
On Saturday Mayor Schmitz sent a com
munication to the Grand Jury in which
were embodied some very caustic com<
ments regarding the conduct of the Jus
tices of the Peace in appointing a succes
sor to Ed W. Williams, who was removed
from the offlce of Justices' clerk by the
Mayor and who later handed in. his resig
nation. Soon after /it was known that
Williams had resigned the Justices of the
Peace also removed . him and appointed
Joseph Windrow. This action formed the
basis of the Mayor's letter to the Grand
Jury. \
Attorney RIordan has replied and has
written to Judge Carroll Coot, instead of
the Grand Jury, giving his reasons there
for in the following communication:
Sir: I respectfully beg leave to call your
attention to a communication purporting to
have been forwarded by the Mayor ot this city
to the Grand Jury on Saturday last, which
communication contains a statement and an
argument on both Questions of law and fact
from the Mayor's standpoint in reference to the
controversy now pending as to the clerk of the
Justices' Court.
I have refrained from sending a renly to
said communication to the Grand Jury because
I consider the Mayor's communication a viola
tion of sections 910 and 925 of the Penal Code
of this State. ' -,-¦¦.
Opinions are varied as to who has the
power to eject Joseph Windrow from the
courtroom of Justice, of the ; Peace Groe
zinger, which he is now occupying as the
office of the clerk of the Justices' Court.
Mayor Schmitz's appointee, Powel 'Fred
rick,still 'holds the fort in the lower of
fice, but Windrow, with the aid of 'the
Justices, is doing the larger share of the
business. ¦ •
Early ' yesterday morning Attorney
Thomas D. Kiordan, representing Wind
row, sent the following letter to the Board
of Public Works:
Gentlemen : I perceive by i the newspapers
that ¦ the Mayor has instructed you to ¦ prevent
Mr. Windrow, the duly appointed and acting
clerk of the Justices of the Peace of this city,
from occupying proper or any quarters I In the
City Hall. , N . ¦ , .
I beg leave to inform you that the Justices
of the Peace have been decided by the Supreme
Court of this State to be State officers, and,
therefore, their appointee 1b a State officer and
is not subject to municipal jurisdiction. •
Further, any interference with Mr. Windrow
would be an interference with the courts and
with the due administration of justice.
I beg leave to further inform you that where
a vacancy occurs in the clerk's office of the
Justices of ' the Peace the appointing power
is vested solely in said Justices and not in any
other body or official. ¦
Commissioners Casey and Manson called
upon Mayor Schmitz and talked the. mat
ter over with him, presenting the ordi
nances and rules of the Board of Super
visors and Board of Public Works. The
Mayor referred the matter to the Building
Committee of the Board of Supervisors.
The Supervisors' Building Committee
met at noon and considered a communica
tion from Mayor Schmitz stating that
Joseph Windrow was at the present time
occupying apartments in the chambers of
the Justices of the Peace without au
thority. The committee directed the clerk
.16 notify the Justices that* a room has
been assigned for the clerk of the\Jus»
tices' Court .and that the room should be
utilized .instead of a courtroom.
.At the close of business hours Windrow
was still In possession of his office.
The resolutions were then adopted .by a
Rising vote, and Mayor Schmitz an
nounced that carriages would be waiting
at the City Hall at 8:30 o'clock .this morn
ing to convey the Supervisors to the fu
neral. The board then adjourned out of
respect to the late Supervisor Dwyer'a
memory until this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
It was agreed that the session shall be
devoted to the investigation for fixing the
water rates and to such measures as re
quire final passage only, i
• The pallbearers for Supervisor Dwyer's
funeral so far as selected are Supervisors
Curtis, Connor, John Behan, Assistant
'Clerk of the Board of Supervisors John
Rippey, representing the Red Men; Mar
tin Fragley, from the Lodge of Work
men; William McCann, Young- Men's
Catholic Union; E. D. Sullivan, and one
representative of the Builders' Exchange.
• May the first daisies of springtime and the
last rose of summer bloom among the grasses
that cover his clay. May the softest breeze
that blows from *ne westerr sea kiss the cold
rt"iip above his head. Mry even the winter
winds and chlllinc rains sing a soft lullaby
around the snot .vncre God s angel rcc^eJ iiim
to sleep, and may God hlmsilf "who glveth
every perfect rift" grant eternal r.»t»t and
peace to his soul, which has Entered that great
door "which opening to let in lets out no
ruore."
In a few short hours his remains will be
laid in "God's acre," the beautiful, silent clty
of the dead, where it is: my last wish and
prayer that the sun' might shine all day and
the moon beam all night, upon his grave.
' Our friend, our associate, our fellow Su
pervisor, my companion, "Larry" Dwyer is
dead. I would if I could take away the crape
from his seat, place him once more among us
and tell him how much we all loved him, but
no, he is dead. A great and noble heart that
ever loved the true and beautiful has ceased
to live and lov.? forevermore. ¦
Pays Tribute to a Good Man.
Struggling manfully against adverse circum
stances, he rose to his present position In this
city and State and has left his wife and chil
dren an honored and honorable name. In my
judgment ' he gave hla life for his friends.
Noble, brave, generoua to a fault, tender
hearted and true, .he seemed ; only to f ollow,
out 'the advice 'of the seer of olden time,"
"Whatever kindness I can do for any one let
me do it now,, for I shall never pass this way
a^ain.'*
He is tone. "Larry" Dwyer is dead. Never
again will we, f«el the warm grasp of h!s
hand. Never again will . he answer rollcall.
Never again will hin voice be raised In behalf
of honest municipal government.
I have known him since boyhood. 3 He and
I were raised together; have, played together;
took our vacations together; loved each other
most tenderly, and I can truthfully say that
whatever "Larry" Dwyer wai he attained
through his own exertions. .
In the - board, as the record will sfcow, his
voice was always raised and his vote always
recorded In behalf of -the people. - z'.\
In moving the adoption of these resolutions I
cannot help but express my feelings that never
have resolutions been adopted by any body of
men with more sincerity and with the knowl
edge that every word contained therein . is lit
erally and absolutely ¦ true. Lawrence J.
Dwyer lived and died an honest man. Super
visor Braunhart . can tell you that during his
six years of association- with him in the As
sembly and Senate of this State no breath of
suspicion, ever touched the hem of his gar
ment, and that the one virtue that outshone
all the rest was his unquestioned honstey.
Supervisor Curtis then delivered ' a eu
logy on the worth and character of the
late Supervisor. Curtis and his associates
were .visibly affected, thus- testifying to
the esteem in which "Larry" Dwyer, as
he was best known, was held. Curtis
said: , ¦ ¦¦-¦-¦ '-.,.:..'.
Supervisor Curtis' Eulogy.
Resolved, That this Board of Supervisors will
attend the funeral In a body; that these reso
lutions be entered in the journal; that a copy
thereof be transmitted to the family, and . -
Resolved, That we do now adjourn out of
respect to his memory. -
Resolved, That this Board of Supervisors
extend to his wife and family Its heartfelt
sympathy in their great bereavement ; and • be
it further -
Resolved, That in the death, of Supervisor
Dwyer this municipality has lost an able, con
scientious and faithful public official, and one
who has endeared himself to every member of
this board by his geniality, unassuming mod
esty and unvarying courtesy.
.Whereas, Throughout his official career, as
a member of the Assembly, State Senator,
member of the New- Charter Board of Super
visors and -member of this present board, he
has served the people, of thid State and' of
this city and,, county with untiring devotion
and marked fidelity; therefore, be it
Whereas, It has pleased Almighty God to
call from the scene ot his earthly labors our
dear friend and beloved associate, Lawrence
J. Dwyer, to his eternal reward; and ¦
Chairman Curtis announced that the
committee had- obtained a suitable floral
offering and, that arrangements had bepn
made for the members of the board to
attend the funeral tp v -morrow morning in
a body. Curtis stated that appropriate
resolutions had been prepared and he
asked their adoption. The resolutions fol
low: ' ' ' , - :.' . . , .
When * the .board . convened Mayor
Schmitz officially announced the death of
the Supervisor. The Mayor then inform
ed the board that; he had appointed- a
special committee, consisting^ of Supervi
sors Curtis ! (chairman), Connor, Booth,
McClellan and Wilson, to take appropri
ate action on. the death of their late as
sociate. ,. : , ->
The Board of Supervisors met in regu
lar session yesterday, but the .only busi
ness transacted was | the- adoption of res
olutions in; respect r to the memory of the
late Supervisor I<awrence J.' Dwyer. '• The
desk and chair occupied by the Supervi
sor were* draped In black, relieved by a
bunch of white roses in a vase.
Adopt Resolutions of Respect
and Adjourn Imme
r diately.'
Cook.
Addresses Communication to
Superior Judge Carroll
Supervisors' Committee .Says
;He Has' No Authority' v
to Use Rooms. .
Says He Believes Schmitz
: Violated • Law in His
Letter.
Supervisors Eulpgize the
' Late Lawrence J.
Dwyer.
Question of Ejectment Is
a Puzzle to Many /
v Officials.
HONOR MEMORY
OF ASSOCIATE
RIORDAN MAKES
REPLY TO MAYOR
WINDROW STILL
RETAINS OFFICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ FEBRUARY 4; .1902.
C. W. .Wright, the chairman, announced
to those present the object of the meeting
and introduced M. M. TomDkins, who
made the presentation speech. The testi
monial is in the shape of a shield made
of heavy silver, mounted on a base of
5 Benjamin , SSouIer, Adolph Lletz. William
Broad, P. W. Tomklns.C. W. Wright. A. Lw
Brizzolara, T. W. i Jackson, Charles Grandjean,
Charles Burrey, 1 T. Bonneau, E. E. Crisp. M.
M. Tompkins.
Captain John T. McKenzie, who was In
command of the steamer San Rafael on
the night that vessel was sunk In a colli
sion with the steamer Sausalito, was pre
sented yesterday #wlth a testimonial by
over 700 passengers who had traveled with
him for years across the bay. The pre
sentation was made by the following com
mittee in the lecture room of the Mechan
ics' Institute: .,
Passengers ; Give Testi
monial to Captain
McKleDzie.
HONOR CAPTAIN
OF SAN RAFAEL
5
GRAIN COFFEE
Grain-O is not a stimulant, like
: coffee. .;• It is a tonic and its effects
are permanent.' ¦ ; • , ' ! . ¦ .
; . A successful substitute for coffee,
(because' it has the coffee flavor that •
everybody likes. 4 * v
- Lots -of coffee substitutes In the -
marke t,' but only one food drink — ' '
Grain-O.
All grocers; 15c. and 23c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COM HOHT Ittt (V TM »«OCT«« « OAMCLC CO. CIMCINNin.
A LESSON IN VALUES.
i_£^OLLAR for dollar, pound for pound, there is
~fj^| morc m Ivory Soap than in any household
l^gl soap. It is easy to find a cheap soap; but
BHiy^ I to find purity and low price in a single soap
is not easy. They combine in .Ivory Soap. You
can afford to use it in the laundry; you can not
afford not to use it elsewhere. It is vegetable-oil
soap, in the cheapest form in which it can be pro-
cured. You pay nothing for a fancy box, wrapper
or perfume. It is all in the soap! It floats.
. . AD V Jd-ttTlK HMKN T3. <
kkkkkkkkirkirkkAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAA-k-kA-k
rHAIL TO MEN! |
i • • *
* " . . J Even unlo old age you may feel the 5
{ " jfJ vigor of youth/ with its light hear t, -jj;
{ JUKis It s^~~ c^ as^ c st2 P> courage and }
X tireless energy. You J
j jgjfr *^T' j^^ 'nvay-bc free from pains 5
¦* aSk K \ M****^ anc * ac^ es anc * y y° ur vears J
? Jrarail \> m There is a fountain of perpetual youth, and *
"K 7MBKydib^/S y° u have only \° reac *} out y° ur hand and take J
J&P§ttsii&il r il - You can drink of it until y° ur heart scouts *
£ i^ra^^W^ with gladness, and with all your might you will *
* fiSRffli "'' ' HL proclaim, as other men have, *
t \Mf' '«& "I Am a Man!" *
* ft/Wil J/Wk M ke the giants of old, you can be in your *
ir Hi /'I /f§f P"me at 60— strong, vigorous and full of youth- *
£ . wr i/jlfl Mai ful enthusiasm. *
4t ¦¦¦••'¦/» /Jobs W$ Mr. A. Pert. Bradley, Cal.. WTites November 30. 1901: ?£
I « '/W&B WL ¦''¦' "l*st May I purchased your belt, having previously suf- *
x. I y/SSSSS «?*»». fered for years with lumbago and rheumatism In my J
//// shoulder blades, arms, etc., and Indigestion and constlpa- *
¦¥¦ J/ If JNmSzL^*. ~1» tlon. After the first application of your belt I grot relief, *
•¥¦ C H *^B and I can now say that I am entirely cured, having: dLs- 3f
¦* V M@S)&*r!r«SS!ffiSi£»* continued the use of the belt for over threa months, and *¦
-it m* **««* -"?^q/gflii'ZLiZ . feel ; as good as I ever felt In my life.". ¦*.
"K ."****-** It cures Rheumatism, Lame' Back, Sciatica, >•
~£ " Lumbago, Kidney and Stomach Troubles : quickly. *
T ' Call'and see It to-day, or send for free book about it. I will send it sealed J
j* , If you send this ad. ; - : ; ¦' . *'
$ TIt» M P, MpT SniCrJllin St., Cor.Kearny *
5 l/I • ill, \J. llll/lJClUg, lllUl, (Lotto's Fountain). San Francisco. J
t OMce Hours— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays," 10 to 1. *
*, NEVER SOLD BY DRUQ STORES OH AGENTS' %
Ji,i,irirk^kAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAkAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAirA-trkiHrkic%
A Flash of Light
In the night— the passing of the swift and luxurious
¦¦"•' - i ¦;.•;¦' v
California Limited
gleaming with Its real electric lights. It races froo
San . Francisco to Chicago in three days
There is only one place in San Francisco where ;
|J one can obtain vehicles that combine the highest type :
i of workmanship with supremacy of smart styjes. If
I you want to buy a fashionable rig of any kind, call j
1 there before you decide. Always pleased to show our . |
1 carriages, for we're proud of them. |
Cf BRIEN 6c vSONvS I
Golden. Gate Ave a^nxi Polh. >St. j
•">.,' : \ . ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Miss Mary Lehghan, a Young Society
Lady who lives in Brooklyn, N. Y., tells
Kp^Yoii^ May Escape those
Terrible. Monthly Pains and Sickness.
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — I suppose some of my friends would
call it immodest ii^me to acknowledge to you what Lydla E. Pink-
ham'sVegretable Compound has done for me, but I feel that seven
bottles which I. took last fall and winter made a complete change in
my life, and brought new hopes and aspirations to me which I had
not dared think of when I was sick.
; • " For three years I suffered silently every month ; I dreaded the
time, and while not sick in bed, I felt sick enough to stay there.
Cramps and bearing-down pains and wretched headaches were of
frequent, often daily occurrence, but your Compound quickly changed
all that. : I am; now in splendid health; I have no pains, and am so
grateful to you that I feel I want to express myself, hoping it may
help some suffering one to health. Yours truly, Miss Mary Lznghan,
533 Park Ave.,. Brooklyn, N.Y."
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE LETTER IS XOT GE2JXJINE.
No other medicine for female ills in the "world has received
such widespread and unqualified endorsement.
% Mrs. Pinkham invites all sick women to write her for advice.
She has guided thousands to health. Address, ILynn, Mass.Cal. Glace Fruit 50c r per lb at Townsemr.. «
Ex, strong hoarhound candy.Townsend's •
Kentucky forbids a less charge for a long than for
a short haul, and the Railroad Commission is empow
ered to enforce this regulation; The commission for
bade the Louisville and Nashville road to i charge 25
cents per hundred for hauling tobacco from Franklin'
to Louisville while its charge for tobacco from Nash
ville. Tenn:, to Louisville, a longer haul, was only 12
cents' per hundred. The law especially includes
freights from, initial points^ outside the State, and
Judge PeckhanV for the Supreme Court decides that
this is the of interstate commerce and ¦ is
beyond the power of the. State of Kentucky. There
are numerous cases of the same kind pending in Ken-
THE Supreme Court of the United States has
just breathed some force in^o ' the ribs of the
Kentucky Railroad Commission, and now
knocks the wind out of the "most prized statute of
railway law passed by that State.
BOWLING— L. P. W., City. Your com
munication- does 'not set forth that the
parties to the game of bowling
were playing partners, •, but it is- "to
be presumed' that. % they were ;vnot.
That being the ,';. case, the ; two low
est, it .being agreed' that two should
pay for the game,. would, have to pay ir
respective of the ' fact . that O, who scored
151, including 20 points given him," bowled
less, points ;than the^lowest.' ; The-polnts
given count: just 'as much as if he had
scored by knocking. "down pins. " I
ZENTUOKY LiAW.
CIVIL SERVICE , COMMISSION— Old'
Subscriber, Sacramento, Cal. The United
States Civil Service Commission does not
meet in . Sacramento. There may be an
•examination there. for the Government
Printing Department at Washington, D
C. Address a communication for applica
tion blank to the head of the Printing
department at Washington and, being an
applicant, you will be notified In due time
of the time and place where the examlni
tion will be held.* , . " ima "
There was a time when the people of England
wished the appointment of Kipling as Poet Laureate,
but now they have reached the conclusion that
things are better as they are, and if Kipling should
go back to India there would be no complaints.
MOTHS-^L. L., City." It is claimed that
the following is a good . moth exter
minator: .. ."Spirits of wine, 500 parts;
naphthaline and carbolic axid, 19 "parts
each; camphor • ancU essence, of lemon,' 5
parts each ; oil of thyme, " lavender and
sayine; 2 parts each. To be . applied with
an atomizer." It is said that benzine is
also a good exterminator, but in its ap
plication care must be taken- that there
is no flame near. . . .^ ,rv'
' MESCALEROS— Nimrod, City. A friend
of this department writes to the effect
that the Merfcaieros Inquired about are a
subdivision of the great Apache tribe of
Indians and that they are located in Ari
zona and New '¦ Mexico". R. T., the corre
spondent, adds that there are many other
subdivisions of that tribe ' among them —
the Tontos. Chirieahuas,"" White Moun
tains, Chimehuevas and Apachc-Mohaves.
A Pennsylvania man who divorced his wife in order
that he could court her again in the old lover-like
is now protesting because she \vants to marry
another fellow. It would be interesting to know
whether his wife thinks his affliction is ihsanity or
idiocy. . :¦ ¦;¦;•••'•
If President Roosevelt continues in his crusade
public office will soon lose its vested privilege - of
being a private snap. The President has.Shocked offi
cial circles by issuing an executive order forbidding
servants of the Government from lobbying.
Count Boni de Castellane has* created another sen
sation in Paris. In the Chamber of Deputies the
other day he delivered a memorized speech for eight
minutes and said nothing to justify the slightest sus
picion of insanity.
Oakland finds herself in the interesting predica
ment of being able to pay only her water bills. And
this fact should not be taken as an indication that the
city uses to excess the commodity for which she is
able to pay.
DIFFERENT COINS— J. T., Valley
Ford, Sonoma Co., Cal. "A gold dollar of
185i) commands a premium of 20 cents;
"gold 25-cent pieces" ¦< 'were never coined
in United States mints. vSuch are jewel
ers' charms and can . be purchased for
face value; Canadian dimes of 1881 and
half-dimes of 1S90 do not command a pre
mium. Coins acquire a value not" from
their date but from their scarcity.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— The following
Californlahs registered at the hotels to
day: At the Shoreham— J. G. Patton af
San Francisco; at the Raleigh— H. Elku
bach and Mrs. W. Winterbery of San
Francisco; at the Willard— H. B. Chase
of Riverside,' T. D. Woods and wife of
Santa Barbara, W. H. Hoogs and Master
Levingstone Banks of San Francisco; at
the National— C. L. Cordon of San Fran
cisco; at the Metropolitan — H. B. Cary of
Los Aneeles.
South, no East.' no West," which he first
.used when taunted by a Southern Senator
with beine unfaithful to his section. Dur
ing the debate on the compromise meas
ures he declared: "If Kentucky should
to-morrow unfurl the banner of resistance
unjustly I will never fight under that ban
ner. I owe a paramount allegiance to the
whole Union — a subordinate one to my
own State." Again he said: "The Sena
tor speaks of Virginia being my country.
The Union, sir, is my country."
Californians in Washington.
TELEPHONE— Subscriber, City. When
a gentleman calls a lady by telephone it
is his duty to let her know who it is that
is calling her up and whether he shall
say "This Is Smith," v or. "This - is Mr.
John Smith" depends upon the degree of
acquaintance between "the persons, but as
courtesy never costs anything it would be
well to say "This is Mr. John Smith.". .
asylum now.
.After maturely meditating upon that answer : St.
Louis came to the conclusion that such a prophet
should not be. permitted 'to run at large, and accord
ingly he has.been adjudged insane and he is-in the
¦ Here, then, is a remarkable prophet indeed, and it
is not surprising. to learn that a further examination
was made of him.;. Asked to give a full and explicit
explanation of the prophecy the prophet said: "I was
told by the Lord some time ago that he intended to
visit an earthquake^ upon St. Louis, but I' supposed
that he had changed his mind. I put the advertisement
in the papers just, to have a little fun. It only cost
me 30 cents. But I didn't expect to tell- the truth.
Of course the Lord had spoken of the earthquake,
but the date had been postponed indefinitely."
STi LOUIS is furnishing the world with another
instance of a prophet without honor in his
own country. Such instances are so frequent
that ordinarily they attract little attention and merit
no special comment, but this one, while not import
ant, is sufficiently interesting to be worthy of notice.
It affords a proof of the old saying that "you can't
most always sometimes tell" that a man is a liar
merely because he undertakes to prophesy without
knowing.
* Just before the recent earthquake in St. Louis a
man went to the newspapers of the city and inserted
a small advertisement announcing that on the follow
ing Friday there would be an earthquake. The pre
diction came true "as advertised." 'Attention having
been thus directed to the prophet, he was sought out
and investigated. To the surprise of those who .un
dertook the investigation the prophet expressed the
¦greatest astonishment when informed that his
prophecy had been fulfilled. It appears that between ¦
the day when he inserted the "ads" and the day when
the fulfillment came he had become so absorbed in
'other things that he had not only forgotten all about
his prediction but did not even 1 so much as notice that
St. Louis had a shake-up.
A PROPHET WITHOUT HONOR.
AMERICAN CITIZENSHIP— McC, City.
If you will visit the periodical room of
the Free Public Library and consult
Poole's Index and the Cumulative Index
of Periodical Literature you will fhuPa
number of magazine articles on American
citizenship. .
From Los Angeles— R. E.' Barry, at the
Albert: J. H. Hill and wife, at the Gilsey;
Miss E. F. Homes, at the Park Avenue.
From San Francisco — Mrs. Freiderlch,
M. Marx, J. J. Jacklln, at the Herald
Square; J. Jerome, at the Navarre; H. R.
Reynolds, at the Criterion; H. G. Tor
rance, at the Astor; J. Birmingham, M.
Lovell. C. C. Molr, at the Manhattan;
Mrs. T. W. Draper, ,at the Park Avenue;
D. Drysdal, at the Holland; Mrs. E. Kirk
patrick, at the, Bartholdi; C. R. Stewart,
at the Albert; R. Williams, at the Cosmo
politan.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— The following
Californians are in New York: ~
Calif omians in New York.
A NAME— J. A. C. B., City. There Is
no law that will prevent a set of Indi
viduals doing business under the name of
"Smith's Investment . Company," or
"Jones' Commercial Company," because
the same has not been incorporated.
The little nation of Belgium is making another
stubborn effort to take her place among the powers
of the earth. She -can't go to war. but a few days ago
she indulged in a fierce, stormy, but bloodless riot in
her Chamber of Deputies.
ONE OF 1S66— L. J. D., City. A five
cent piece of I860 does not command a pre
mium. Dealers charge from 85 cents to Jl
for coins of that date and denomination.
Here is a new use for corporations. If it work out
successfully some European corporation may buy a
colonial, right in South America, and ask what the
Monroe doctrine has to do with the matter. Evi
dently the corporation of the future is going to be
bigger than Morgan ever dreamed of. „
By degrees, which are neither slight nor slow, the
Russo-Chinese Bank is getting control and dominion
in Manchuria. It is up to the nations to decide what
they are going to do about it. China has not been
asked to grant any special privileges to Russia, and
accordingly neither the United States, Great Britain,
Germany nor Japan has any right to complain. A
great power cannot declare war against a corporation,
and so the bank is having everything its own way.
In its last analysis the Russian scheme is that of
acting through a corporation instead of as a nation.
There has been created an organization known as
"The Russo-Chinese Bank." It is doing a land of
fice business in Manchuria. It carries on negotiations
with China and demands privileges, rights and fran
chises on a large scale. Russia is not responsible for,
its acts. It has nothing to do with diplomacy, poli
tics or war. It is in Manchuria strictly for business,
and is devoting its energies to the financing of rail
ways and to obtaining trade concessions. It deals
with the Chinese Government and with the Russian
Government, but exclusively as a corporation.
A NOVEL problem for diplomacy ha # s been de
veloped in Manchuria, where Russian in
genuity has devised a puzzle never before set
up for the study of the wise men of the nations. In
its way it is quite simple, but the solution is going
to be difficult, and accordingly it is not at all improb
able that other nations will imitate the example
whenever they wish to undertake a great coup with
safety tp themselves and damage to everybody else.
FOUNTAIN PENS— J. H. .Y., Eureka,
Cal. - This department does not advertise
tha addresses of manufacturers of foun
tain pens or any other commodity.
A CORPORATION DODGE.
SUN DIALS-C, City. In the Encyclo
pedia Britannica, ninth edition, volume
VII, you will find several pages devoted
to sun dials; fully illustrated.'
MONTANA PAPERS— M.. City. The
leading newspapers of Helena, Mont., are
the Herald and Independent.
It appears that Secretary Gage did not retire from
the Treasury for his health, nor for any particularly
private business, for he has been foregathering with
Illinois politicians to such an extent that it is be
lieved he wishes to be Senator and give Billy Mason
a chance to enjoy private life.
GEORGE MILLER— W. A., City. The
horse George Miller never ran over the
Bay District track. -
QUEEN VICTORIA— Subscriber, City.
The late Queen Victoria was born on the
24th of May, 1819. ._
Francis Carolan of Burlingame, accom
panied by his wife, is spending a few
days at the Palace.
T. J. Kirk, State Superintendent of
Public Instruction, is among the arrivals
at the California.
Anthony Clark, a mining man of Forest
Grove, is spending a few days at the
Lick.
Benjamin Morgan, an old time resident
of Inverness, is a guest at the Occidental.
J. M. Patton of Mare Island Is a guest
at the Occidental.
O. E. Williams, a hotel proprietor of
Ukiah, is at the Grand.
J. F. Mulgrew, proprietor of Skaggs
Springs, is at the Grand.
M. McCullough, a cattleman of Crows
Landing, is a guest at the Lick.
E. W. Hale of Hale "Bros.* store at Sac
ramento is a guest at the Palace. /
E. Berwick, a rancher of Pacific Grove,
is among the arrivals at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
These salient differences .between the associations
that favor the adoption of the gambling ordinance
and those that oppose it must be given Hue considera
tion. The Supervisors cannot afford to overlook the
moral sentiment of the community in an issue of this
kind. Finally, the people should bear in mind that
the issue is to come r.p next Monday. Let the oppo
nents of the measure be there to protest against it
firmly and emphatically.
The resolutions adopted in opposition to the pro
posed ordinance come from associations of quite a dif
ferent kind. They emanate from the Law. and Order
League^ the Good Government Club, the Iroquois
Club and similar organizations which exist for other
purposes than that of promoting the trade of their
members. The argument embodied in these resolu
tions' runs to the general welfare of the community,
and is based upon the evil produced in the city when
racetrack gambling was in full blast at Ingleside be
fore the indignation of the public forced its cessation.
In estimating the amount of consideration due "to
the various resolutions the Supervisors should not
overlook the difference between the intent of thc^se
uho favor the scheme and that of those who oppose
it One set? desire the ordinance adopted because it
will improve their business. The other set oppose the
ordinance without respect to business from purely
moral considerations. The supporters of the project
are men who see the probability of a gain to their bus
iness by attracting to the city the crowds that patron
ize racetracks. They- are such men as brewers,
saloon-keepers, cigar-dealers and dealers in hay, grain
and other supplies used by horsemen. Their plea is
for the pocket. They argue that the opening of the
track will improve the business of, the city, that it will
make trade and custom for saloons, cigar stands and
breweries. Every other factor of the problem is
dismissed from the consideration of these men. It
matters little to them what may be the moral effect
upon the community, or how much of the genuine
financial strength of the people may be lost by the
squandering of earnings in track gambling. Their
one thought is for their own pockets.
The issue is an important one, and, furthermore, it
ig one concerning which the people are not indiffer
ent. Already many organizations and associations
of the citizens have taken action and adopted resolu
tions concerning it. These resolutions are not. in
any way perfunctory- They express the earnest sen
timent of a considerable proportion of the people,
and it behooves the Supervisors to give them due
attention.
OUT of deference to the memory of the late
Supervisor Dwyer there was no meeting of
the Board of Supervisors for business j'ester
<iay, and as the adjourned meeting to-day is expected
to be short, consideration of the resolution' providing
for the reopening, of Ingleside Park for racetrack
gambling goes over until next Monday. The ar
rangement gives the public another week in which
to protest against the scheme and the Supervisors
that amount of time to maturely consider it.
THE 1NGLESIDE ORDINANCE.
ANSWERS TO* QUERIES.
DR. JAMES NICHOLAS VANN of <£oshen, N. Y., who is looking for his
fourteenth wife, is so bothered by lonely women who want to marry him
on the spot that he is becoming alarmed. He has issued a warning that
undesirable women must keep away. '
Any young, nice looking, plump blond'e of sunny disposition may ap
ply, but all old and wrinkled come at their- peril.
"A young and lovely woman," says Dr. «Vann, who is 94 years of age, "is the
human heart's delight, but the old, designing woman, who insists on marrying
you whether you are willing or not, is a jackal and a beast of prey. I shall greet
them as such." ». .
Dr. Vann was a famous hunter at one time and devoted years to the capture
•of wild animals for Dan Rice, the circus man. The doctor thinks his determined
attitude will scare away all the old girls. ' ¦ t
¦' "My first twelve wives were fair arjd lovely women, and are undoubtedly now
with the "angels," said Dr. Vann. "My thirteenth wife was not, and her name I
will not mention. She is,, living to-day. The names of the first \ twelve were
Susan Westbrook, her sis\er, Nancy, and their aunt, Mrs. Kate Westbrook, all
of Milford, Pa.; Miss Mary E. Petton of Dingmans; Addle Graham of Williams
burg, Va.; Sarah E. Deerpomp of Philadelphia; Mary Jane Conkling of Phila
delphia; Miss Susie Corvdn of Milford, Pa.; Miss Annie Harding of Philadel
phia; Margaret J. Case of Denver; Miss Ada Mlneholdt of Denver; Miss Julia De
Wet of Indianapolis; Miss Gertrude Laymont of Indianapolis, and the" 'Belle of
Orange County,' the thirteenth." >
£ "Dr. Vann," he was asked,, "have -you thought of the reunion which will take
place in the joyous hereafter?"
"Yes,' indeed," replied the old man; "If I were to meet all my deceased wives
in any other place I fear the green-eyed monster would enter their hearts, but,
as all is happiness over there, I shall depart this life when the final summons
comes without trepidation. . I know that each of my deceased wives would rather
have me be happy than plodding around the world alone. Therefore I intend to
marry again, and I trust my fourteenth wife may be in form and feature a com
posite picture of all the rest and the embodiment of their many virtues."
.DR.JAMKS NICHOLAS VANN, AGED 94 YEARS, PREPARED TO RE
> SIST THE INVASION OF AGED SPINSTERS WHO SEEK TO BE
COME THE FOURTEENTH MRS. VANN.
tion left to hold an inque'st on. < >;' v^ * " :
In the early years of the republic the adoption of
constitutional amendments was comparatively easy.
No less, than thirteen amendments were made in the I
lifetime of the first generation of the people. Since
then we have had none except those which were
necessary to embody into the fundamental law the
results of the Civil War. The difficulties in the way
of furiher amendment now are well nigh insuperable.
There has developed among the people a veneration
for the constitution which was not felt by the gene- i
ration fliat first established it as a form of govern
ment. Moreover, experience has/shown that the
courts can by liberal construction fit constitutional
law to the changing conditions of the country. John
Marshall taught us how to. make a constitution de-.
signed for a federal republic suit the development of
a national republic. It has been found comparatively
easy for the courts to give to Congress about every
power needed to preserve the welfare of the people in
war or in peace, and there is a fair assurance that if
Congress. reaHy ought to have the powers it is pro
posed to confer by. several of the. amendments now
before Congress a means would be found of recog
nizing their existence in some of the "implied pow
ers" which the constitution vests in the National
Government.
Under such circumstances "it is not likely the
amendments now before Congress will occupy much*
attention. The only one that has a large support is
that providing. for the election of Senators by direct
vote of the people, and even that is not demanded
half so urgently now as it was a few years ago when
Senatorial election scandals were rife everywhere
from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
Anarchy a high crime..... 2
Fifteenth amendment repealed......... 2
Treason defined ../;.... ...-..¦... ..'...'.-. "..... 2
Polygamists disqualified for Congress.......:....- 2
to regulate marriage and divorce...... 2
Congress to regulate factory hours........... 2^
No Federal or State aid to sectarian institutions 1,
.Uniform qualifications of electors in all States.. 1 .
Assaulting: high Federal officers a special, crime .1'
, Limited terms for Supreme Court. Justices....... 1" ."¦•
. Federal jurisdiction over. use of water............ 1
Six-year Presidential term-.........'................. t
The fact - that "so many amendments are advocated
is a' good argument against adopting. the Pennsyl
vania plan of calling a sovereign convention to amend
the constitution so as to provide for the election of
United States Senators by direct vote of the people.
Such a convention wouljl probably bring to. the
front about as many amendments as there.were dele
gates, and by .the time it finished work there- would
probably be hardly enough of the original constitu-
Woman : suffrage .. "........,.,.,..,,,.,.;..,.. ..,.2
A CCORDING to a compilation , made by the
ZAi New. York Sun within thirty days after. the as
•*¦ *¦• sembling of Congress there were introduced
no less than forty-four bills and joint resolutions
proposing amendments to the national' constitution.
Of course some df these cover the same point, but
they still make* a goodly array when classified, for
they show no less than eighteen distinct propositions.
As presented by the Sun the list showing the num
ber • of bills or joint resolutions introduced ¦ in ' sup
port of each measure stands thus:
Klection of Senators, by. popular vote............ 11
_ Federal regulation of corporations and copart- . '
nershlps 4
. Inaugura tlon day in April ; ...]................. 3
Taxing power of- Congress enlarged or. restricted 3
Income tax sanctioned... 3
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS.
According to the; Express Gazette during the last
twelve years 306 ; trains have .been held up by rob
bers and 95 persons killed and; 105 injured bybeirig
shot. In 1900 there were twenty-nine train robberies;
but last year there were but sixteen, so it seems the
industry is not thriving. ;
* • •
Mrs. A. N. Towne and Mrs. Clinton E.
"Worden will receive to-day at their resi
dence, 1101 California street. This is
to be their only reception . day for the
present, as Mrs. Towne is not at all well
and Is preparing to take a trip South in
the . immediate future.
Mrs. Isidore Burns announces that she
will be at home at 404 Van- Ness avenue
the first Thursdays in February. March'
and April. ¦
• * •
A pretty luncheon was given by Mra.
Charles Page at her Pacific-avenue resi
dence yesterday. Covers were laid for
twelve.
• • •
The assembly and hop under the auspi
ces of the "Jolly Twelve" was largely at
tended. The music, was excellent and
many stunning gowns were In evidence.
Miss Frances B. Allen, Faxon Atherton.
Mrs. L. L. Baker. Lieutenant R. P. Brewer.
U. S. A.: Conrad Babcock, U. S. A.; Mrs.
Richard Bayne. Everett N. Bee. "W. F.~ Berry.
T. B. Berry, Thomas C. Berry. Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas P. Bishop. Miss Leontlne Blakeman.
Gordon Blanding 1 . Miss Jennie Blair, Mr. and
Mrs. James H. Bishop, S. H. Boardman. T. D.
Boardman, Mr. and Mrs. George D. Boyd. Al
len Bowie. Miss Soph!" Borel, E. A. Brusuie^?,
E. E. Brownell, Thomas H. Breeze. Wilbur S.
S. Burnett. Mr. and Mrs. Spencer B. Buckbee.
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Casey, Miss Genevieve
Carolan. Miss Church, Colonel and Mrs. J. L.
Chamberlain, Mr. and Mrs.' Horace B. Chasf,
Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Chenery. Mr. and Mrs.
"Warren D. Clark, Miss Marion Coffin: Dr. C.
C. Collins. V. S. A-; William B. Collier Jr.,
Miss Sarah B. Collier. Dupont Coleman, Miss
Ethel Cooper. Angelo Conti. A. B. Costigan. F.
H. Coon and Lieutenant and Mrs. B. Cushins.
F. P. Deering, Mr. and Mrs. Walter L. Dean.
Mr. and Mrs. G. de Latour, Mr. and Mrs. E.
R. Dimond, Miss Katherine Dillon. Miss Ber
tha M. Dolbeer. V?. A. Drown, Miss Bernicg
Drown, R. McK. Dupera, H. S. Dutton.
Charles W. Earl, Miss Marion Eclls. Miss
Elllnwood, R. M. Eyre. Mr. and Mrs. E. L.
Eyre. -¦
Charles N. Felton Jr., R. M. Fitzgerald.
George R. Field. Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Folger, E.
Courtney Ford. C. G. Follis. Mrs. F. P. Frank.
Mr. and Mrs. T. Cary Friedlander. Mrs. Geors;»
\V\ Glbbs, Mr. and Mrs. W. D. K. Gibson. Mr.
and Mrs. R. D. GIrvln. Frank Goad, Fred A.
Greenwood, Mr. and Mrs. Frank W. Griffln.
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Grant. Enrique Grau, .1.
D. Grimwood, Miss Emma P. Grlmwood.
Miss Alice Hager, George E. Hall. Lleuten
ant^W.' G. Hahn. Miss Ethel Hager, Miss M.
A. Harrington, Miss L. T. Harrington. Ralpb
Warner Hart, J. R. Howell, Mr. and Mrs.
Robert G. Hooker, E. W. Hopkins. Miss Hop.
kins. Harry M. Holbrook. Miss Frances P.
Hopkins, Miss Olive M. Holbrook. Mr. and
Mrs. Willard V. Huntington, Mlsa Edith M.
Huntington. Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst.
Mr. and Mrs.* Paul Jarboe, Miss George Jones,
Webster Jones, Paul C. Jones, Miss Virginia
Jollffe.
Miss Maude Kane, C. S. Kempff, Frank B.
King. Miss Genevieve King. Allen P. Kittle,
Miss Kittle, Mrs. N\ G. Kittle, Percy L. King.
Miss Lucy King, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Knight.
Miss Pearl Landers, Miss Bernlce Lander9,
Gaillard Thomas Lapsley, Milton S. Latham,
John Lawson, John B. Lewis. Mr. and Mrs. W.
E. Lester. Mr. and Mrs. George H. Lent,
George W. Lewis, A. S. Lilly, N. B. Llvermore,
Miss Llvermore, Miss Josephine Loughborough,
Miss Fannie Loughborough. '•¦> -»«r«
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Kersey Madden, Mr.
and Mrs. A. S. Macdonald, Miss Sallie May- .
nard, George T. Marye, Charles Marks, Mr..' ar.J /.
Mrs. Thomas McKee, Mr. and Mrs. C. K. Me/;
Intcsh, Thomas "McCaleb. Mr. and Mrs.*
Latham McMullin. Athole McBean, Miss Edith '
McBean. Mr. and Mrs. S. B. McXear. Misa Me-
Near, Fred TV. McNear, Edwin M. McAfee,
Lieutenant Robert F. McMillan, XT. S. A.; Mr.
and Mrs. Hail McAllister, Mr. and Mrs. E. J.
McCutchen. Mrs. W. F. McNutt, Miss McNutt,
E. T. Messersmith, John Hubert Mee, Mr. and
Mrs. H. M. Miller. Miss Ardella Mills. Lansing
Mizncr, Cyrus Miller, Edgar Mizner, Miss Jo
sephine Moore, Herbert C. MoSatt. Mr. and
Mrs. D. T. Murphy, Eugene JB. Murphy, Mrs.
W. H. McKittrick.
George Aimer Newhall. Mrs. C. Xoble, Misa
Xoble, Virginia H. Nokes, Mrs. Zelia Xuitall,
Miss Nadine Nuttall. Mr. and Mrs. J. K. K.
Nuttall.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Frank L.
Owen, Miss Owen, Mr. and Mrs. James Otis.
Edgar D. Feixotto, Orrln Peck. Mr. and Mr3.
H. D. Pillsbury, Mr. and Mrs. Ira Pierce, Mi33
Sophie Pierce. Mr. and Mrs. Ueorge A. Pof.e,
J. H. Polhemus, Miss Mary Polhemus, Mr.
and Mrs. Carter P. Pomeroy, A. R. Poeit.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Potter, Edgar F. Pres
ton, Misa Edith Preston. Sidney J. Pringle, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Page.
G. L. Rathbone, Tnomaa Ransom, Joseph T .V.
Reed. C. C. V. Keeves. F. Reeves Jr.. L. II.
Robbins, Gaston E. Rous3y, Miss Redmond.
John A. Sanborn, Mrs. Monros Salisbury.
Miss Salisbury, Mr. and Mrs. E. O. Schmiedel).
Mr. and Mrs. Laurence I. Scott. Prescott Scot:.
Dr. and Mrs. Grant Selfriiise, Mi83 Jenaio
Searlcn. E. C. Sessions, 11 r. and Mra. W. K.
Sherwood. Mrs. A. M. Simpson. Miss Edith
Simpson, Eugene Gray Skipwith, V. S. N. :
Captain and Mrs. AV. R. Smedbtrg, Burbank
Somers. Miss Sprague, Miss LiUle Spreckels,
Miss Grace Sprecketa, J. D. Spreckels Jr.,*
Harry >I. Stetson.
Mr. and Mrs. Fr<?d Tallant. II. B. Taylor,
Miss Carrie Taylor. Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Tevis,
M. W. "Jhurstcp, Joseph M. Tburaton, Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph S. Tobln. Philip W. Tompkins,
Joseph O. Tobin. Clement Tobin. Richard To
bin, Mr. and Mrs. -Alfred S. Tubbs Mr3. A. C.
Tubbs.
Laurence E. Van Winkle. T. S. Van Xess Jr.,
H. P. Veeder. Miss Marie Voorhies, Miss A. N.
Voorhies.
Mr. and Mrs. Cyrus "Walker, Miss Helen U.
Wagner, Ml»» WhitteU, (Jeor^e H. Whipple,
Parker Whitney. Mr. anc! Mrs. George S.
I Wheaton. N. N. Wilson. Miss Juliet WiUlams,
J, C. Wilson, E. A. WUtaee, Mr. and Mrs.
Chauncey R. Winslow, Mr. and Mrs. M. S.
Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. Rns3ell Wilson, Frank
! L Winn. Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Woods;
Mr. #nd Mrs. Fred W. Zeile. . .
Miss Jennie Blair gave a large dinner
last evening at the Richelieu preceding
I the cotillon. Mlsa Georgina Hopkins was
guest of honor. Covers were laid for
thirty-five and the decorations were un
usually handsome. Red tulle was draped
from the chandelier to various places on
the Ion? table and red roses formed the
centerpiece. At cither end of the table
maidenhair ferns were arranged with but
terflies. Red candelabra added a soft
glow to the scene. The dinner was a most
enjoyable affair. Those present were:
Mi»» Georsrina Hopkins. Mr. McJIear. Mr.
1 and Mrs. Gus Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. William
Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Laurence Scott, Mr. end
Mrs. de Latour. Mr. and Mrs. Latham Mc-
Mullln, Miss EdUh Huntington. Miss Pearl
Landers.* Miss .Grace Spreckels, Miss Lillian
Spreckels. Miss Georgina Jones. Mlsa Frances
Hopkins. Miss Elsie Sperry. Miss McNear. lira.
Garceau, Mrs. Kruttschnttt. Harry Malone.
Eugene Murphy, Joseph Tobln Jr., j. d.
Spreckels Jr.. Prescott Scctt, Edward Hopkjns.
Parker Whitney. Richard Hotallng, Roy pike.
Another charming dinner was given last
evening by Miss Olive Holbrook for six
teen guests. Everything was perfectly
appointed and the dinner was an unusu
ally pleasant one. Among the gue3t3
were:
Miss Sophia Pierce. Miss Mabel Lane, Miss
Bernie Drown. Mlsa Ethel Cooper. Mis» Mar
garet Salisbury. Mies Lucie King. Mls3 Leon
tlne Blakeman. Mr. Costigan. Danforth Board
man. Percy King. Denis Searles. Howard
Veeder and Burbank Somers.
The second assembly last evening of th«
Friday Night Club for this season was a
brilliant affair. The event has been looked
forward to with especial interest since the
first revival of the dances on January 1J
by E. M. Greenway. Fully three hundred
guests thronged Native Sons' Hall last
night and the pleasure was all that had
been anticipated. Many beautiful and
costly gowns were worn. The affair was
conducted on the lines of the last cotil
lon; no reception committee, but an In
formal dance to begin with and two good
bands to furnish the music. As several
dinners were given before the assembly
the guests were a little late in arriving
and dancing did not begin until 11 o'clock.
An elaborate supper was served down
stairs at midnight, after which dancing
was resumed until 3 a. m. The hall was
decorated even more than on the last sim
ilar occasion. Pink was the predominat
ing color. Interspersed with considerable
foliage.
The stage was solidly set with palm9
and other foliage.
Mr. Greenway was floor manager and
added much to the enjoyment of those
present.
In all probability the old Friday Night
Club will be revived with added zest next
year now that the experiment has proved
bo decided a success. The Invited gue3t3
were:
A minority should be useful to the country. It
should not be merely an opposition, without reason
nagging at all majority propositions. Properly led
and inspired it performs an important function in
free government. That the present minority is in
capable of doing good or doing harm is a situation
novel in our politics and one that should inspire a
degree of anxiety in the country.
when the first balker wants to pull the puller takes
his turn at balking, so they never get ahead at all,
nor do they stand still at the same time.
The great issues pending were unspoken of. . The
Philippines tariff, and the revenue status of Cuban
products, the isthmian canal and even legislation in
restraint of trusts, all administrative measures of the
first rank, were passed in gloomy silence. Mr. Bur
leson explained this by declaring that there are pro
tectionist Democrats in the South and free-traders in,
the North, imperial expansionists in the party in one
place and continentalists in another, some believing
that the constitution follows the flag, and others that
it stays at home while the flag goes a-roving. Yet
they are all trying to'belong to the same party. One
day the expansionists vote with the Republicans on that
subject and are roundly abused by their protection
ist Democratic brethren. The next day the latter vote
f with the protectionist Republicans and are in turn
abused by the free-trade expansionists. It is like a
team of balky horses which will not both balk at
once. When one wants to pull the other balks, and
Only unfeeling partisanship can rejoice over the
pitiful picture. The condition which if implies is not
wholesome for the country, but the Republican party
can hardly be expected to go out with a bottle of
tonic and a spoon to dose and nurse its opponent
into fighting trim. Nor can the majority party be
expected to do other than cuff the minority, which
officially admits its incompetence and loss of self
respect. Mr. Burleson wanted vote down the
McClellan resolutions and reaffirm Bryanism. \ But
at the end of his despairing speech the party declared
that it had no faith in itself and the caucus adjourned
after voting upon that cardinal political subject and
burning national issue, statehood for New -Mexico
and Arizona. •
When Congress met in December McClellan intro
duced a sort of declaration of faithlessness in Bryan
and Bryanism. It' was laid over until after the re
cess and then came up in a full caucus and was
adopted. In its discussion Mr. Burleson .of Texas
made an extended speech, in which he described the
low estate to which the party has fallen from its for
mer high place. He declared that it- has lost the con
fidence of the country, repels first-class men from its
leadership, is no longer able to defend its own prin
oiples, is not possessed of its own self- respect, and
that its attacks upon the Republican party excite only
derision and contempt.
IN /the history- of American parties , no other such
forlorn incident is recorded as the second caucus
of the Democratic minority in the present House
of The party has no straight Gov
ernor nor Legislature left in_a Northern State. It
has fusion power in Montana, Idaho, and Colorado,
and its only surviving national representative is the
minority in the house. . It seems so brief a time since
it controlled New York, New Jersey, Connecticut,'
Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa and California, to
gether with every State south of Mason and Dixoh's
line,. that one is attracted by the ruin' and contem
plates the fall in a vein of grave philosophy.
READY TO MARRY FOR
TH E FOURTEENTH TIME
FRIDAY NIGHT
CLUB REVIVAL
A BIG SUCCESS
vAs the -State commission intended, to use its resur
rected strength .in • the enforcement of - this law,
knocked out by the same court that knocked strength
to enforce it into the commission, there is naturally
much disappointment in Kentucky.
tucky/.which of course all go off the 'docket now that
the law under which they we're brought [ is voided.
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 4, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Itirtn All Ccamosie&tioni to W. S. LEASE, Hi&igtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .Telephone Prean 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE!... Market n*d Third. S. F.
. ¦ . .. Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. S Cents.
Trrnm l»y Mall. Inoladincr Postage I _
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $5.00
DAILY CALX, (including Sunday). 6 months 8.00
DAILTCALJj (incluJingr Sunday). 3 months.... l.M
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1M
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1 - 00
All vostmastera «r« authorised to reeelve
subscriptions.
Bainple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of address should 'be
particular to give both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a. prompt and" correct compliance with their request.
OAKX.AAD OFFICE! 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KItOGVESS.
Hunger foreign Adrertising. HtrjuetU Building. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTO.V. .Herald Sa«»re
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldins
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
. Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. *. . *
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News .' Co. : Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICES. . . .1400 G St., W. W.
31OII TO \ E. -CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. rt33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
0 :30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2?ttl
MaiKct, corner Sixteenth, open tntil 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
nntll 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
, FORLORN DEMOCRACY.
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CAJLL,\ TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4 V * 1902.
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invlgorator.
Best LiverMedlcine, VegetableCure forLlverllls
Biliousness. Indigestion, Constipation. Malarial
A Paterson male freak,'who has.been in jail a year
because" he* refuses to support his family, says he will
die in prison before he works. The authorities ought
to establish a stone-breaking industry in the jail
The Postoffice Department has let a
contract to an automobile company at
Minneapolis for carrying the mail 3 be
tween the postofflce and substations and
making collections from the letter boxes
in the business section of the city
.WOULD RATHER BE 'RIGHT— Con
stant Reader, City. , "Sir, I would rather
be, right than be President" is a remark
which has' become proverbial. It was
made by Henry Clay to Mr. Preston of
Kentucky, ; who told him ] that , the com
promise measures of 1850, which he .had
advocated as ; a means of ' preserving the
Union, would - injure • hia ' chances ; for the
presidency, by alienating the 'Northern or
anti-slavery' Whigs. , Clay's .'• motto; then
and always was: '. "I , know" no North, no
Special Information supplied daily to
.business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont!
gomery street. Telephone Maui 1042: •
: : Echoes of another . campaign, serious; dreadful and
unwelcome, are filling the legislative halls at 'Wash-'
ington.' It is feared that we will be forced to" make
our 'distinguished fellow-citizen ; the Sultan; of Jolo
free his army of Christian slaves.
Townsend's CalifornJa glace fruits so e
pound, in flre-etched boxes or Jan' ha«
kets. A nice present for Eastern trlenda"
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building .*'
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Central — "Master and Man."
Alcazar — "The Danites."
Columbia — "In the Palace of the King." 4
Orrh«"n — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Jim the Penman."
California — "The Pride of Jennico."
Tivoll — "The Ameer."
Chutes. Zco and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveninc
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Br W. H. Hord — This day. at 10 o'clock. Thoroughbred
and Trotting Stock, at 1732 Market street.BAKERSFIELD. Feb. 3. — A meeting of the
oil producers who have not entered the combine
has been called for the first ot the coming
month to arrange to establish a- clearing
house. . ._..--..
An influential element of the church
membership opposed Dr. Evans' return
here and the withdrawal of support is
probably in the nature of a boycott. Dr.
Evans is a particular friend of Bishop
Hamilton. The pastor lives in an elegant
home and has a salary of $175 per month
and it is said that the church is less than
two months in arrears.
The clergyman accompanied the latter
remark with a downward motion of his
right index finger by way of emphasizing
the direction which those who had failed
to pay would have to take. One paper
says the pastor declared tha,t In addition
to having walked the streets penniless he
had • also been hungry. •
"Rev. Dr. Kvans?" St. , : Peter will say.
"Why, he is right here Inside. You go down
where you belong."
"Why?" St. Peter will ask.
"Because I didn't like Rev. Dr. Evans." you
will reply. . -=
"Why, Mr. So and So, how does this happen?
What is the meaning of this long blank here?
Tou have not paid up your church bills."
"Well,", you will be forced to say. "I did
fail to pay up a small amount."
Then St. Peter will "look over the accounts
and find a long blank after your name, showing
unfulfilled obligations, and he will say:
"What is your name?"
I'll get to heaven all right. I'll go there.
But some of you people who are walking
around Stockton with my money in your pock
ets won't get In. Only SO per cent of the mem
bers are paying up. Seventy per cent of you
people before me walk around town every day
¦with my money in your pockets, while I have
been obliged to go around sometimes without
a 5-cent piece. But there'll be a reckoning
day. It will come sooner or later. When you
approach the pearly grates of heaven St. Peter
will stop you and ask:
STOCKTON, Feb. 3.— Rev. W. C. Evans,
pastor of the Central Methodist Church,
the largest and among the most influential
congregations of this city, announced to
his flock yesterday that he had walked
the streets in want while members of hia
church were enjoying all of the luxuries
of life. Dr. Evans devoted his hour to
financial talk, prefacing his remarks by
reading a report on church finances. Then
he went after his flock. Said he: '
Saeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Says Members Walk About
With His Salary in Their
Pockets. .
Sarcastically Rebukes a
% Ghurch C bngrega
tion in Stockton.
PASTOR CLAIMS
HE IS IN WANT
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same. at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Times and Heights of High' and ¦ Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The new barkentine Koko Head will carry
redwood from -Eureka to Manila.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4.
Sun rises '..7:12
Sun eets 5 :3U
Moon rises 4:00 a. m.
3 • Time Time Time Time
5. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o L W • H W L W H W
4 1:5S 2.9 8:18 5.1 3:14 0.2 10:25 4.3
5 2:48 2.9 9:00 5.1 3:50 0.0 11:01 4.4
0 3:31 2.9 9:40 5.2 4:26 — 0.111:30 4.6
7 4:14 2.S 10:21 5.3 5:01—0.1
H W L AV H W L W
8 0:09 4.7 4:55 2.6 10:58 5.2 5:37 0.1
9 0:30 4.8 5:39 2.3 11:41 5.1 6:13 0.4
10 1:07 4.9 6:22 2.112:19 5.0 0:49 6.7
11 0:15 5.1 6:09 1.1 12:33 5.0 6:25 1.4
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; thfi
fourth tlmo column gives the last tide of the
day,- except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs."- THS- 1 heights given are ' in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by tho
charts. The plane of reference Is. the mean of
the lower low waters. . '
Steamer. r From. . I Due.
M. Dollar. . . . San Pedro '. . . . Feb. 4
Mandalay.... Coquille River Feb. i
Rival Willapa Harbor ....;.. Feb. 4
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock Fob. A
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb. 4
Arcata. . . . .>. Coos Bay & Pt, Orford. Feb. 4
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor Feb. ' 4
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 1
G. W. Elder.-. Portland & Astoria Feb. \
Coos Bay. ... San Pedro & Way Ports. Feb. ?
C. Nelson Portland & Astoria Feb. 5
Alliance: Portland & "Way • Ports. Feb. 5
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb. 5
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma ..... Feb. 5
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Feb! 5
Argo.. ...Coquille River ........Feb. 5
Nome City... San Pedro .....Feb. S
Tellus Oyster Harbor Feb. 5
Eureka...... Humboldt :...Feb. 6
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Feb C
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports. Feb. 6
Pt. Arena Point Arena Feb. ft
Crescent City Crescent City Feb. G
Acapulco.... Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 7
Doric...:.... China & Japan Feb. 7
Prosreso Seattle Feb. 7
Santa Monica. Humboldt Keb 7
Bonita... Newport & Way Ports Feb 8
Lakme.. Portland & Astoria Feb. 8
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Feb ~" 9
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul.... Feb 3
Sequoia Grays Harbor Feb' 9
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Feb! 9
North Fork.. Humboldt Feb 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports Feb. 11
Alameda..... Honolulu Feb 11
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb." 13
Zealandia.... Tahiti . . Feb. 14
TO SAIL.
Steamer. . Destination. {Sails. Pier.
February: 4.
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 5pm Pier 2
.Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Phoenix Hendocino City ... 3 pm Pier 13
February 5.
North Fork. Humboldt 9 am Pier I 2
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. 0 am Pier 2
State Cal/. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Mandalay.. Coquille . River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Rival...... Willapa Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 2
February 6. . . - _A
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orf d 12 m Pier 13
Argo Coqullle-Rlver 4 pm Pier 12
Nome City.. Seattle' direct 3 pm Pier 3
Denderah.. Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 31
Sierra.. Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
. ¦ . February 7. • .
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor . 5 pm Pier 2
Alliance.... Portland & Coos B. 10 am PJer 10
Coronado. . . Grays Harbor ; 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.:. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. Elder.... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Leelanaw..- N. Y. via Panama; 2 pm Pier 10
China. .... . China & Japan. . .; 1 pm PMSS
Curacao.... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
February 8. .
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13.
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena ; 2 pm Pier 2
City Sydney Panama & Way 12 m J8MSS
February 9.
Spokane. ... San Diego & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. ...... Pier —
February 1O.
Tucapel.... Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Lakme ..... Astoria & . Portland Pier —
• ¦ February 11. . *. . -
S. Monica. . Flumboldt ......... 10 am Pier 2
Bonita . Newport & Way.. 1 , 9 am Pier 11
• •. , February 12. < r N ¦
Columbia. . . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Sequoia.... Grays 'Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
FKOM SEATTLE,
STAFFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 3.—Profes
sor Bolton Coit Brown has resigned his position
In the university faculty an head of the depart
ment cf drsv/ing and painting and will here
after devote his time to the practice of his pro
lession. He will co to Japan. ,
Stmr Washtenaw, Parker, S8 hours from Ta
coma. " i. - " •
Stmr Luella, Olsen, ; 16 hours from Caspar.
Hcnday r February. 3.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Charters, -
The British ship Jessomene is chartered for
wheat to Europe at 28s Od; the British r ship
Kinross-ehire,. same at 32s -6d (prior -to ; ar
rival).
. The British ship Marathon. will load barley
and . merchandise for Melbourne (lump sum).
Packard to Load for New York..
The American ship Benjamin F. Pack
ard was assigned to a berth yesterday to
load for New York.
•Steamer. , ,. For. , Sails.
City Seattle '.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 4
Al-Ki Skagway & , Way Ports. Feb. 1
Dlrigo ....... Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 5
Bertha Valdez & Way .Ports... Feb. 7
Dolphin . ..... Skasway & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Nome City... Valdez & Way Ports. . . Feb. 10
Time Ball.
Branch. Hydrographic Office, rj. S. N., Mer
• . chants' < Exchange, San Francisco, Cal ,
February 3,. 1902. .... . . ;
' The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building " was dropped exactly at, noon to-day,
1 e, at- noon, of the 120th . meridian, or at S
Dm Greenwich mean time. ¦ ;¦¦¦:¦• \ -.:¦'¦
W. H.\ STANDLET, ' '
'Lieutenant U.- S. Navy, in charge.
Captain Jacobson has taken command
of the brig Consuelo, Captain Anderson of
the steamship San Pedro, Captain.Soder
holm of the schooner Pearl and Captain
Hagerup of the schooner Peerless.
Changes of Captains.
Pleiades Deeply Laden.
' The steam collier Pleiades reached port
yesterday from Ladysmith with 5000 tons
of coal. She encountered fair weather
throughout the trip.
Becknell swore to the warrant for hia
arrest to-day. When he appeared before
Judge Millard he could make himself un
derstood only by writing the facts of ~ the
case. He declares that' his inability to
express himself in words is due solely 10
the blow he received on the temple.
1 Although Becknell has not consulted a
physician concerning his < strange* afflic
tion, he fears that the injury, to the
nerves which controlled his speech is per
manent.
BAKERSFIELD. Feb. 3.— As the result
of a wound Just above the temple, in
flicted by a large stone "thrown by a
would-be thief on Saturday night, Mar
shall Becknell, who is employed as a la
borer by the Kern k County Land Com
pany, has lost the power of speech. The
Injured man was walking down a dark
street near the brewery when he was as
saulted. He was knocked unconscious to
the ground, but a man who will be called
as a witness against the_ footpad, pro
vided he is arrested, happened along in
time to prevent the injured man's pock
ets being rifled. The assailant is known
to the unfortunate man by sight, but not
by name, and it is thought his capture
will soon be effected. '
Assault Upon a Bakersfield
Laborer.
Peculiar Affliction K-esults From an
BLOW FROM' A FOOTPAD
KOBS HIM OF SPEECH
The . American ship Elwell, one of the
trimmest clippers flying the stars and
stripes, arrived in Melbourne ¦ yesterday,
having made the voyage In just fifty-one
days. This is one of the fastest trios on
record. The John A. Briggs, from, this
pore to Melbourne, has been out seventy
six days.
Hade a Quick Passage.
The schooner Kilminy of Victoria, B. C,
has established a record. She arrived at
Esquimault the other day from Sooko
Harbor, a-distance of twenty-five miles.
She was ten days making the trip. Cap
tain J. Mugford, in his report of the voy
age, says he encountered head winds and
storms that compelled him to run for
shelter every f ev/ hours. His anchor
chain was almost worn through when he
finally made port. '.
A Trip of Many Tacks.
Reinsurance on the British ship Red
Rock Vas yesterday reduced from 25 per
cent to 20 per cent. This makes a total
reduction In a few days of 30 per cent.
The rate' on the Dutch steamship Folmina
remains at 15 per cent, but on the three
overdue Frenchmen there aas been a raise
of 5 per cent. They are now' quoted:
Oliver de Clisson, 149 days from Cayenne
to this port, 20 per cent; Les Adelphes, 112
days, Madagascar to Portland, 20 per cent;
and Ernest Legoure, 124 days, Mauritius
to Portland. 20 per cent.
Reinsurance Fluctuations.
ThC Coqullle River came into port yes
terday from Fort Bragg with a cargo of
lumber that completely disguised the
sturdy coaster. Her deck load was pned
level with the top of her smokestack. As
the General Sternberg passed the floating
woodpile one of the quarantine doctors
hailed the skipper of the Coqullle River:
"Ahoy, there. Oh, Captain! Is there
any lumber left at Fort Bragg?"' ¦ ¦
"A little, doc!" replied Captain Johnson.
"We hadn't time to have our smokestack
lengthened." •
Her Freight Came High.
Mrs. Fremont has been receiving from
the Government a pension of $2000 a year
and this, together with the comfortable
home which the" women of California pro
vided for her some years ago, served very
well for herself and daughter. Miss Fre
mont, until the severe accident which
rendered her helpless and made necessary
many extra expenses incident to such a
misfortune. Now Miss. Fremont says the
pension is not adequate for their needs
and is looking- hopefully to the time when
her mother's right to a tract of land at
Point San Jose, in the city of San Fran«
Cisco, shall be recognized. This land is
worth about $50,000, but the Mexican and
Sp'anlsh land law intricacies have raised
a barrier to her claim and for year* she
has been kept out of her own right, if the
findings of recent investigations are cor
rect
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3.— Reports being
circulated in the East to the effect that
Mrs. Jessie - Benton Fremont, widow of
General Fremont, the "pathfinder," is ill
and in need are misleading, and have given
distress to her friends in this city. Sirs.
Fremont is at her home on West Twenty
eighth street and Is 'in her usual good
health. It is true that Mrs. Fremont is
crippled and will never again be able to
walk. Some time ago she fell, dislocating
her hip. Since then she has been help
less, so far as walking is concerned, and
has required the constant attendance of
a trained nurse. Her general health, how
ever, is good and it. is believed that her
life may be spared for some «years to
come.
Are Misleading.
Mrs. Jessie Benton Fremont
Reports Concerning 1 the Condition of
"PATHFIITDEB'S" WIDOW
NOT IN DIRE STBAITS
"If the Condor was in collision with
anything," he is reported as having said,
"it was more likely the British ship Red
Rock, which our tug Home towed to sea
November 29."
Among the officers and crew of the miss
ing British sloop of war Condor, are a
number of survivors of the earlier fights
of the British-Boer war in South Africa.'
Sergeant of Marines Edgson, who is the
schoolmaster on board, was the only one
of his section of the naval brigade to sur
vive the battle of Traspan. He was se
verely wounded and was barely convales
cent when ordered to the Condor. He has
a wife and family in Scotland. Captain
Libby of Seattle, from whose office ema
nated the theory that the Condor and
Matteawan collided, declares the proba
bility of such an occurrence to be slight.
He thinks it most unlikely that. the Mat
teawan turned back. .
Boer War, Survivors on Condor.
and nearing her destination a
couple of days ago, when she was spoken
off Cape Flattery by the steamship Glen
esk. She is now out from Manila sixty
three days, and judging by the time' other
sailing vessels are taking to make the trip
has not deserved a place on the reinsured
list. It was supposed, however, that she
had encountered the typhoon that bat
tered the transport Meade. There are two
other vessels on their way to this' coast
from Manila that have been out longer
than the Kelverdale, but whose non-arri
val has not awakened the least anxiety.
The, ship St. Paul left the Philippine port
seventy-eight days ago and the bark Chal
lenger has been out eighty-five days.
THE British ship Kelverdale, bound
from Manila to Puget Sound, and
upon which 20 per cent reinsur
ance has been paid, was all right
ONE OF ¦ THE PRETTIEST SAILING SHIPS ON THE PACIFIC OCEAN."
THAT ARRIVED AT MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA, YESTERDAY AFTER
A REMARKABLY QUICK RUN OF El DAYS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
The Superior Court resolved itself into
& magistrate's court for a short time this
morning to permit Raker to make appli
cation to Judge Harrington to release
Fred Roberts and seven others who have
been confined In the county jail since
January 10 for the murder of the Halls,
Daniel Yantls and Martin Wilson, with
out having been granted a "preliminary
hearing. The application was denied.
Judge Harrington saying x.e was engaged
in the case of Brown, and had not had
time to give the men a preliminary hear
ing. Raker then asked the court to issue
an order to the Sheriff to take the men
before the nearest magistrate for prelim
inary examination. The court cut him off
in a peremptory manner, denying the ap
plication and advising him to take the
case to the Supreme Court for adjudica
tion.
Cal Raker objected to the remarks of
the court as "highly improper," and he
and his brother came in for a lecture from
the bench on the way they have entered
objections in the past. The court said he
would send them to Jail for five days if
they ever again added to their exceptions
to the rulings of the court the words
"higrhly improper" or others of similar
import.
Post asked Miss Kresge if she had ever
had read to her or heard read any of the
testimony given by witnesses In this case.
Raker objected and the court ruled that
she might answer, saying that if such had
been the case it might have had some
bearing on her testimony.
Court Censures the Bakers.
Miss Carrie Kresge, a sister of Jervus
Kresge, was called to the stand to
strengthen the alibi of her brother. Her
testimony bore out the evidence of .the
Millers, given on Saturday. She said
Kresge was at home all day on May 25,
the day on which it has been said he ac
companied the posse which arrested the
Halls. The witness testified that her
brother went to Lookout on May 2S and
remained all afternoon. That was the day
when, according to John Hutton, Kresge
¦was in Lookout in consultation ¦with Hut
ton and "Jim" Brown regarding the
lynching.
Sturtevant continued to ask questions
on the ground already traversed and a
protest followed. Sturlevant withdrew
one objectionable question and the court
did not rule on the objection. Spencer
evidently did not hear the withdrawal of
the question and remarked to the court: ¦
"That is the kind of a rotten deal you
give us, is it?"
Judge Harrington evidently did not hear"
the remark cr it might have gone hard
with Spencer.
Warm Talk by Spencer.
The court — Raker, you stoa that. Do you
vant to go home to-night? (Equivalent to a
threat of jail for contempt.)
Kresge's testimony agreed in almost
every particular with that already given
by other witnesses regarding his where
abouts and doings previous and subse
quent to the lynchings. Kresge was asked'
to leave the stand in order to demonstrate
to the jury that he was not stoop-should
ered or bow-legged, as testified to by Doth
Hutton and Morris in their identification
of him as a member of the lynching par
ty. It, was clear to the spectators that
Kresge was both bow-legged and some
what stoop-shouldered. \
During the cross-examipation Sturte
vant, for the prosecution, read several
pages of Kresge's testimony before the
Grand Jury. This brought forth a protest
from Spencer, who said the prosecution
was conducting the case in a fraudulent
manner. Raker made the further objec
tion that counsel for the prosecution was
going over the old ground for the purpose
of taking up the time of the court.
The ccart — I don't believe a word of it.
Raker — I don't have to believe the court,
either.
The court — Raker, you stop that. Tou are
trying- to get ur» a quarrel.
-Rakei- — I don't propose to be Insulted from
the bench.'
ALTURAS, Feb. 3.— Jervus Kresge, one
of the alleged lynchcrs, .was on the stand
in the trial of James W. Brown this aft
ernoon. Attorney Raker made his cus
tomary pica that the eviderice given be
fore the Grand Jury be introduced, and
the court ruled, as he has many times be
fore, that this application was out of or
der. Krepge testified that he had never
participated in apy meeting held by the
alleged lynchers where the hanging was
discussed or plans of defense arranged. !
Aided by His Sister's Testi
mony in Establishing
• His Alibi.
Alleged- Lyncher Gives
an Account of His
Movements.
SUSPECT KRESGE
DISPUTES HUTTON
Petitions in insolvency -were filed yes
terday In . the United States District
Courtas follows: ; . Busch, hotel' and
saloonkeeper,; Sites, -Colusa County, .lia
bilities " $1544 65,r no assets;' A. R. Fulton;
laborer, Salinas, Monterey County, liabili
ties i?197 SO; no assets. •
Petitions in . Insolvency.
the judges were divided, f- Ins the cham
pagne ' controversy all connoisseurs agree
that G.H.-MUMM'S EXTRA DRY owes
its superiority to its unsurpassed quality.
Its imports- in 1901 ,were 120,359 cases —
nearly 60.000 cases more than any > other
brand. Immense, reserves guarantee the
maintenance of its quality. ' , : •
In the Schley - Inquiry
BOSTON— Arrived Feb-'S—Stmr Sylvanla,
*f rom Liverpool. ¦ . . -
VjbripbaNE— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Aorangl,
from- Vancouver, via Honolulu, for Sydney,
NSW.- ..•¦¦, ¦ ' ' ' ¦ .
GIBRALTAR — Arrived Feb-2 — Stmr Lahn.
from New York,' for • Naples I and Genoa.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 3— Stmr Iver
nla, from New York,'" for Liverpool.
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb \ 3— Stmr South
wark, from New: York. /
GLASGOW — Sailed Feb l->-Stmr . Mongolian
for New. .York. : -¦'JgttMHMaKlUdB^aaBSidfe
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Feb 2— Ship Elwell,
hence Dec 13 (51 days).
MANILA— Arrived Feb 2— Schr F M Slade,
from- Grays Harbor. Prior to Jan 10-^-Nor
stmr Mathilda, probably for San -Francisco, via
Mororan. ,
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed . Feb . 1 — Br ship
Glenesslln, for — — .•
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to Feb 2— Br
stmr Chlng Wo, from Glasgow,
Sailed Dec 21— Br bark Rose, for Victoria.
SUEZ— Arrived Feb 2 — Br stmr Glenfarg.
from Tacoma. for London.
HAMBURG — Arrived prior . to Feb 2— <5er
stmr Memphis, hence Oct 10.
In Dort. Jan 10— Ger ship Rlgel, for San
Franclrco. ¦ ¦
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Feb t— Br
ship Ivy. .from Vancouver. Prior to Feb 2 —
Jap. stmr America Maru,, hence' Jan 4. •¦- ¦ ••
ISLE OF "WIGHT — Passed Jan 31 — Br ship
Nlvelle,- from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Feb 2— Ger stmr Isls,
for San Francisco, from Hamburg and way
ports.
ANTWERP— In port Jan 13 — Br ship Liver
pool, for San Francisco.
• MAURITIUS — Sailed Nov 29 — Schr Frank W
Howe, for Port : Townsend.
YOKOHAMA- Arrived Feb 1 — Stmr City of
Peking, hence Jan 11.-
MAZATLAN— Sailed Feb 1— Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco. •
SALINA CRUZ— Sailed Feb 3— BarkChas B
Kenney. for Ladysmith. .
OYSTER-HARBOR — Arrived Feb' 1— Ship
Two Brothers, hence Jan 17. '*."'-
FOREIGN PORTS.
-SOUTH BEND — Arrived • Feb 3 — Schr
Churchill, from Eleele. .
VENTURA— Arrived Feb 3— Stmr Newsboy,
from Eureka. - •
NEAH BAY— Passed In Feb 3— Bktn James
Johnson, from Honolulu; schr Erie, from Mol
lendo; Br ship West Lothian, from Valparaiso
for Port Townsend.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 3— Schrs Sadie
and Louise, from Umpqua.
Sailed Feb 3 — Stmr Nome City, for San
Francisco; scbr Maweema, for Grays Harbor.
¦ UMPQUA RIVER — Arrived Jan 31-Schr
Bluhm, -from San Pedro; schr Lucy, from San
Pedro. ...
COOS BAT— Sailed Feb 3, 8 a m— Stmr Ar
cata, for San Francisco.
TACOMA — Sailed Feb 3 — Ger ship Robert
Rickmers, for Queenstown; Br stmr Neptune
for Queenstown; Br ship Glenalvan, for
Queenstown. Feb 2— Stmr Chico, from Alberni..
ABERDEEN— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Sequoia,
hence Jan 30. ' 0
REDONDO—^Sailed Feb 1 — Stmr Melville
Dollar, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed Feb 2— Bktn
Gardiner City, for San Pedro.
Arrived Feb 2 — Stmr Sequoia, hence Jan 10.
Feb 3 — Stmr Chehalls, hence Jan 31; schr
Laura Madsen, hence Jan 25.
Sailed Feb 3 — Bktn Gardiner City, for San
Pedro.
PORT' LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 2—
Stmr Aztec, from Tacoma. Feb 3 — Stmr Alca.
zar, from .
Sailed Feb 3— Stmr Mlneola, for Nanalmo.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 3— Schr S T Alex
ander, hence Jan 28; schr Joseph Russ, from
Honolulu.
Sailed Feb 3 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco; bktn Jos L Eviston, for San Francisco:
schr Maggie C Russ,' for San Diego. > - -
SEATTLE — Arrived Feb 3 — Stmr Queen,
from San Francisco; stmr Dlrlgro, from Skas
way; stmr Progreso, from San Francisco; stmr
Despatch^ hence Jan 28; bark Falklrk, from
Portland; schr Nellie G Thurston, from. ways.
Sailed Feb 2 — Br Btmr Pak Ling, for Ta
coma. Feb 3 — Stmr City of. Puebla, for San
Francisco: stmr Despatch, for Fairhaven?
PORTLAND— Arrived Feb 3— Ship Fulwood,
from Talcahuano.
Sailed Feb 3— Ship LIta. for Queenstown.
ASTORIA-r-Arrived . Feb 3 — Stmr Hatasu,
from Honrkong. •
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Feb 3— Schr H
D Bendixen, from Honolulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 3, 10 p m-Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 6 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per Br stmr Glenesk, at Tacoma— Feb 1, off
Cape Flattery. Br bark Kelverdale, from Ma
nila, for Port Townsend.
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
Monday, February 3.
Stmr Bonita, Nopanden, Newport.
Stmr Ruth, Higglns, Eureka.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Westport, Erickson, Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin, .
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, Eureka.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, Coos Bay.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, .
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, Crescent City.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura, t
Schr Mary Etta. Halvordson, Sluslaw River,
m tow stmr Acme. / ' -
CLEARED.
-Monday, February 8.
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwinff, Seattle; E T
Kruse. '
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, Seattle: Pollard
Steamship Co.
Ital bark Zilia, Sciaccaluga, Queenstown; G
"W McNear.
Stmr Pleiades, Purrington, 4 days from Se-
Stmr CoqulUe River, Johnson, 19 hours from
Fort Braggr. '.* \
Stmr Rival, Olsen, 72 hours from South
Bend.
Schr Webfoot. Semsen, 5 days from ' Coos
Bay.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ FEBRUARY 4, 1902.
Supposition That She Had Encountered Typhoon That Almost Wrecked
.Transport Meade Causes Reinsurance to Be Paid to the Extent of
20 Per Cent, but the Vessel Is Spoken by the Steamship Glenesk
OVERDUE BRITISH SHIP KELVERDALE
SIGHTED ALL SAFE OFF FLATTERY
7
SONG RECITALS.
MADAME NORDIGA'S
Physician recommending further re3t,
her first recital is postponed to Thurs-
day night,February 6. The second will
take place Saturday afternoon as ad-
vertised, and the final recital Monday
evening, February 10, at which to-
night's (Tuesday) programme will bo
rendered. Thursday's and Saturday's
programmes remain as announced.
Seats for to-night (Tuesday) will la
honored next Monday evening or ex-
changed for Thursday or Saturday
or money refunded.
A MAGNIFICENT SUCCESS.
Every Night Except Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
I-'t - ¦ -'¦ ¦ »- ,¦•-;
: ¦• And Company. Presenting
Lorlmer Stoddard's Dramatization of F. Marlon
Crawford's Historic Novel. v '..'
"In the Palace of the King/ 1
Prices for Miss Allen's engagement— ?2. ?1.50,
|1, 75c, 50c, 25c. :
AN ARTISfiCTRlllMPH !
This Week Only.
Matinee Saturday.
THE EVENT OF THE THEATRICAL TEAB.
FIRST TIME HERE. .
JAMES K. HACKETT'S Great Romantic
Success,
The Pride of Jennico
Original Scenery and Costumes, j A Powerful
y . Cast.
• — SEATS READY! i
Next — CHARLES DALTO2I
THEvSIGN OE THE CROSS.
•¦ ¦'¦.;.¦¦•. \£eats Thursday. i'.'ffi
: V^. ;V : — ¦
EVENINGS AT 3 SHARP! "
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
Second Week of the Tremendous Success,
• THE
AMEER!
"THE TOWN IS FLOCKING TO SEE HIM."
Next Opera— "THE SERENADE."
POPULAR PRICES — 25c. EQc and 73c
,- Telephone-r-Buah 0. >t^;
BEgdiSCO **«> THAlCSs^jtfp,
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK. .
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Powerful and Thrilling Melodrama, •
Master and Man.
, A Remarkable Play "With a
; • Wonderful Romance.
PRICES — Evenings, 10c. 15c. 50c. Matinees,
10c. 15c, 25c.
Next Week— "A YOUNG WIFE."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
' Triumphant Success of
EDWIN ARDEN
In Sir Charles Young's Celebrated Drama,
"Jim The Penman."
One of the Strongest Plays Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats .All Matinees 25c.
Next Week
EDWIN ARDEN in "RAGLAN'S WAT."*
ICXf O JP£- 2SS&T9
inL'* 1 B-f SAT R E ¦ 4>
Eelasco & Thall Managers
W> ALL THIS WEEK
JThe Danites
"A Romance ot California."
The Representative Western Drama.
California! in the Stirring Days of 1349.
Beautiful Scenes of the Sierras.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— '15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
Next Week— "THE ROGUE'S COMEDY."
JUVENILE FAIRYLAND CARNIVAL,
A Most Novel Entertainment and Fa!r. opens
this coming Saturday Night, at Mechanics' Pa-
vilion. CONTINUES FOR ONE WEEK.
Booths. Exhibits, Juvenile Side Shows. Band
Concerts. ¦ Drills. Fancy ¦ Dances. Specialties.
Cakewalk*, etc. — all for young and old. Tha
great allegorical ballet production, "Sunshine
Among the Flowers." First production of the
musical dramatic song, with illustrations, "He
Was a Native Son." TICKETS TRANSFER-
ABLE. Six Coupon Admission Tickets (transfer-
able), for $1. sold at the following leading
stores: The Emporium: Will & Flnck Co.; Koh-
ler & Chase Co.; Grant Drug Co.; C. E. Dasch;
Royal Shoe Store; Mrs. E. R. Dunlap; Gates
Drug Co.; Goldstein & Cohn; Barrington'3 Drug
Store; Radam Co.: E. E. Eisenbrey; C. H. Kel-
fer; Miss Carrie O'Neill, at St. Nicholas Hotel;
Prof Bothwell Browne, 318 Van Ness ave. ;
Brunswick Hotel, Oakland; Miss Marlon Slt-
gravea, San Rafael: Miss Irene Giemann'a Dan-
cing School, lisa? McAllister street, and at Me-
chanics' Favllion^
- \JOSEF HOFMANN
-THE GREAT. PIANIST.
2 Extra Recltals^ — Wed. Night, February 12.
Sat. Mat., Feb. 15 — Metropolitan Hall.
Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a, |2 to 50c.
! "~- '
I PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
• On one side of these magnificent'
hotels 13 the' wholesale and manu-
•' f acturers' district — on, the other re-
tail stores, clubs, rallroffd and
'. newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of tha
- city— depots, ferries and parka—
1 puss the entrance. .
i American and European plans.
__NEW^ADVEBTISEMENTS.
VACCINATION AND DANDRUFF.
There la as Sure Prevention of Bald-
ness as There Is of Smallpox.
; It Is now accepted that vaccination ren-
ders the - vaccinated person exempt from
smallpox; or at worst, he never has any-
thing but the lightest kind of a case. Now
as sure a preventive and cure for dan-
druff, which causes falling hair and bald-
ness, has been discovered— Xewbro's Her-
plclde. It kills the dandruff germ. C. H.
Reed, -Vlcto.r, Idaho, says: "Myself and
wife have been troubled with dandruff
and falling hair for several yeara. We
tried, remedies without effect until we
used Newbro's Herpicide, two bottles of
which cured us." Hundreds of similar
testimonials.
For Stomach Disorders-
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
SUSIES
Best NATURAL- Alkaline! Water
V;' aao broadway, n. t. .
A VAUDEVILL|WHIRLWIND!
Adelina Eoattino; Beichens' Hand-
Balancing Dogs; Victor Jerome;
Lottie Fremont and Harry ' W.
! Welch; Sabel; Kelly and Violette;
Jordan and Crouch; The Da Coma'
Family; The Biograph, and Last
Week of the Great Cycle Whirl.
Reserved" Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs, 50c.
ORPHEUM -EXTRA !
Thursday Afternoon, February 6, at 2 Sharp,
' - ' 1 ~ —
TENTH ANNUAL BENEFIT
IN AID OF THE
CHARITY FUND,
San Francisco Lodge, No. 21,
Theatrical
Mechanical
Association
(THE MEN 'BEHIND THE SCENES.)
CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE!
GALA EVENT OF THE YEAR!
- EVERT THEATER REPRESENTED!
PROGRAMME BEYOND COMPARE!
Address of Welcome by Mayor Schmitz.
¦ Seats now on sale at the Orpheum box office.
ESj-^^SSsHSEg^^ rvtpyWeekDay-
Var Rain op Shins.
N£W CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUS
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 D.'m. sharp.
' Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30 1, 1 :30, 2, 2 :30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars ' on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; nO smoking. £S\iy your
ferry tickets . to Shell Mound. 'All trains via
Oakland mole ' connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. , Also all trains via Alameda mole'con-'
nect • with : San Pablo avenue ¦; cars at Four-
' teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars so direct to -the track in fifteen minutes.
.Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:15 p. m. and lmme'dlately after. the last
race.
*¦¦¦ THOMAS _H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS.- F. PRICE, Secy, and Mgr.
.. # ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
positively cured by thess
Littls Pills."
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy .for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste.
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
OCELOT TBAVELu
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• 4^ Steamers leave Broadway
l^Jfc^^ Wharf, San Francisco:
Lw*57!r:x. J: " cr Ketchikan. Juneau.
' SSSgtSfBfc. Skagwij", etc.. Alarka — 11 a.
' t^K*£;\tc?^ m., Jan. 31. Feb. 0. 10, 35, ?0.
*2&<t^Yvl 2r> - Mar - - Chance to com-
pany's rtes.rr.?rs at Seattle.
'¦^SjfcgHMKJtl For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle, Taco-
¦5% ma Everett Kew Whatcom —
11 a. m.. Jan." SI. Feb. 5, 10. 15. 20. 25. Mar 2.
Change at Seattle to this company' 6 steamers
lor Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
corr.a to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ky-
For F.ureka (Humboldt Buy)— 1:30 p. m..
Feb. 1. <3, 11. 16. 21. 26. Mar. 3.
For Pan DIegro. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Anirelfs and Redondo (L.os An-
pcles) — Steamer Fpokar.?, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State cf Cal.. Wednesdays, 0 a. m.
For l^os Anjreles, ca.U'.ng at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Siraecn. Cayucos. Port H&rford (San
Luis Obirpo). Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hue-
neine. East San Pedro. San Pedro and 'New-
port CBonita only).
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Feb. 3. 11, 10, 27. liar. 7.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Feb. 7, 15. 23, Mar. 3.
Fcr Eoser.£da. Maedalena Bay, Pan Jo*e del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guayrr.as (Mei.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
r.leht is reserved to change steamers or sall-
lr>2 Elites.
TICT^FT O ir 'FTCE — * 2* ew Montgomery
ttreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PF.RKIXS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
— TO —
PORTS IP^ MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Cr.'.y $60. Including meals and berth for the
round trip on board the Pacific Coast S. S.
Co.' s steamer CUHACAO. sailing from San
Francisco February 7. March 7. April 7. Du«
back 27th of each month. Will rs.ll at the fol-
lowing Mexican ports: Er.senada, Magdalena
Bar. Pan Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La
Paz, Santa Rosalia and Guarmas. For $20 ad-
ditional excursionists can return from Uuayinas
by rail. Fcr further particulars inquire at
Ticket OSSce. * New Montgomery et.. cr 10
Market et.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO-
Only Steamship Xiine to
Portland; op.,
And Shorfr Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
points. «•!' r«'l o- steamship and rail, at
IiOWEST HATES.
ETEAKEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH aad KEAL3.
ES. COLUMBIA Sails
Feb. 2, 12. 22: Mar. 4, 14. 24
£S. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Feb. 7, 17, 27; Mar. 9. 19. 29
Steamer sail* from foot of Spear et.. 11 a. m.
P. TV. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Montry. S. F.
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael.
For passenger and express rates apply to
TRA2CS-ALASKA COMPAXY.
Crocker building.
Opera.t!nr stage lines between Iliamna Bay
and atoove points.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE -WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan etreets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogc), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with 6teamers for India,
«tc. No cargo received on board on day of
maiBxm.
CS. HOXGKOIfG MARU
Thursday. January 30th. 1902
eS. NIPPON MABU
Tuesday, February 25th. 1902
eS. AMERICA MARU
Friday. March 21st, 1302
Kound-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 M&rket street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION C0.<
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, rler 10, 12 m.
TCCAPEL. Feb. 10| PALEN A .... March 10
GUATEMALA.. Feb. 18 SANTIAGO
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(So change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
anfl pafisengrer office. 818 California rtreet.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PANAMA B. R. S S1'
TO HEW YORK VIA PANfiUA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105: Steerage. ?40; Meals Free.
5. S. Leelanaw sails Friday. Feb. 7
6. S. Arfiyll sails Thursday,- Mar. I.I
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday. Mar. 24-
From Lombard-street wharf at 2 p. m
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
ICEW YORK- fiOUTHAMPTON'- LONT5ON
Phila.. Keb. 12. IO«L.m.jSt. Louis.F'eb.26.10&.m
Bt. Paul, Feb.ia.lOa.m.j Phila.. Mar. 5. 10 a. m.
RED STAR LINE
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Zeeland, Feb. 12. noon] Friesland. Feb. 26.noon
Haverford, Feb.19.nooa I Southwark. Mar.S.noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. I>. TATLOR,
General A«ect Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
oceanics,s.€o,aS£
£S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs. Feb. 6. 10 a. rn.
RS, ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, FeJ>. is, '02. 2 p. m.
I D.SFK£tJ.liS & 2K2S. CO., Basra: l&rfj, 327 Hartatt
EeTI PzaMgr Difa, 643 Katie! St. Pier Bo. ?. PaciSc a
COKPAGSIB GENERALS TRaXSATL&KTIQUI
UIRECT LIXE TO HAVRE-PARIS. 2«tevi
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of +]ff,lvi\%
Saturcay, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. '^awaJ
North Iiiver, foot cf Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
claes to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. S2 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FL'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets Fold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AJ1T> EIVEB BTEAHBUa.
FirrriA\F?Aar7^^
Steamer* GES. FRISBIS or MONTICELL)
9:43 a. m., 2:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leavea
Vallelc 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, e p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m . Far* 60
cer.tr. Telephone Main 150S. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
Weekly Call, $1.00 per YearWheat ; and : Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures . were firm an'l
Sterling Exchange. 60 days.."... —
%\Z n^ --E« h ange,- sight....... — 4 88>4
Sterling Cables ¦¦;.....•*¦- . • --'4 89U
New > ork Exchange, sight! /..;.— ;>-. . >12&
New Tork. Exchange, teligraphio .— ' 15
Silver,, per ounce.... ;...... -55%
Mexican • Dollars, nominal, . . . . . 45 1 © , , 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
THE COAST RECORD,
APPLES— $1 E0@2 per • box fo'r extra 75c
01-25. for good to choice and 25®60o for or
dinary. •¦ v. ¦ - - *¦•>'¦¦ "'•¦'¦ -.-.--.-•¦.'.-•.
PEARS — From cold storage, 75c@$2 50 per
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c©$l 25
for standards, $1.50@l 75 for choice -and $2®
2 60 for fancy: Seedlinrs. 30@75c: Tangerlnfts
$15002; Japanese Mandarins, $2@2 25- Me-.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
, Oranges In the open market are dull Some
extra fancy Navels from Redlands are brine
ing $2 75 per box. -. B
AtHhe auction two cars of Oranges and one
of -Lemons sold as follows: Fancy Navels $•>
(S2 25; choice do, ;$1 25@l 60; standards "75c
@$1 35; Grape Fruit. $1@2: fancy. Lemons
$1 45(f?l 75; choice do. $1 15(3150. ;
Limes are lower under receipts of 442, boxes
A car of Bananas came in.
Fine Apples are moving off well, but the
market' is overstocked with common, which
move' slowly.,.. All Pears on the ' market are
now drawn from cold storage.' •
Deciduous and Citrus - Fruits.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Feb. 3. — WHEAT— Walla Wal
la. 64@64%c; valley, 04c; blue stem. 65%c.
TACOMA, Feb. 3.— WHEAT— Unchanged
and nominal. Blue stem, 64@fi5c; club, 63@(34c.
MONDAT. Feb. 3— 2:30 p. m .
UNITED STATES BONDS'
Bld.Ask. " ¦' " . • - j.1, 1 . . '
4s qr coup..lll%112% ts qr c (new)139 liqti
4s qr reg....lll%H2?i 3s qr coup. .108 t'lm^
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co — — ".Oceanic 5s . 100 iai
Bay CPC 5s. 109 109% Ombus C 6s 131 _
Cal-st 5s 116% — Pac G Im 4s. 96 1001/
S V Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 6s .105 _ *
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6s. 117 1sn
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pwl-st R fis.11914 °
Geary-st 5s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 100
H C&S 5%s. — — RF & S.7V5s.l22»il"U'
Do 5s .... — — Sierra Cal 6 ' _ '*
L Ang R 5s. 120% — S P of Ar 6s
LA Light 6s — — (1909) ....112 _
Do gtd'6s. — /'— . (1910) ....113 "I
Do gtd 5s. 10394104% S P of Cal 6s
L A & P. 5s. — 101% (19O5)Sr A 109 '
Do lem Ss.101 103 (1905) Sr B.1O01' -¦
Mkt-st C 6s.l25% — . (1906) iVS'* ~
Do lem 5s. 121 % — (1912) . '.'.'.121V,V^y
N R C6a i/.lllU — S P OU 1st % %
Do 5s . /. .122 — . c gntd 58 1*0 -,
N Pac C 5s. 108% — Do Tstmpd 1 liot' "~
N Cal R 5s. 112% 113% S P BrCaKto.m* 1 Z
Oak- Gas 5s. 114 — S V Wat 6s liiiz '
Oak Trn 6s. 121% — Do 4a- 10^ —
Do 1st c5s.lO9li — Do 4a 3dm" 101
Oak W g 6s — 103 Stkn O«S 10-u
WATER STOCKS. "•"",-. ~
.Contra Costa 74% 74%|Port Costa, ftiu Rn
Marin Co. ... 59 - [ Spring Vai!'. 8S% %
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THE COAST RECORD.
, Some activity- was noticed in' California
dried fruits, with ppricots'. and peaches . firm
??^K/ Unes 8tea<J y- ' The. latter 'vereyuotcl at
NEW TORK, Feb. 3.— The market for evapo
rated apples was : without feature • to-day ' job
bers and exports' trade being extremely light
Prices were unchanged. State, common to good'
7@S%c: prime, 9@9&c; .choice, 9^@10c; fancy'
10>4@llc. ..¦'-¦..- ¦ -. ,,. -...,,.- .-j,, •,,*,'
DRIED .FRUITS
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining, -3 3-l6c
centrifugal. 06 test. 3 ll-16c. Molasses sugar'
2 15-lCc. Refined was steady. ' '
" COFFEE— Spot i Rio, quiet.' No. 7 invoice
5%c; mild, quiet: Cordova, 8@12c."' Futures'
steady, closing steady, 5 points lower. Total
sales, 78.350 bags, . Including: March, 5 30S>
5.35c; May, 5.45@i5.50c; June, 5.60c; July 5 65c-
September. 5.80@5.85c; October, 5.90c- DecemI
ber. 5.95@6.05c. '• '.
WOOL — Steady
WHEAT — Receipts; ,50,C00 bushels; exports,
157,857 -bushels; spot firmer. : No. 2 red S7TCc
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 88'^c f o
b. afloat. A strong undertone prevailed ' iii
wheat circles most of the session on light spec
ulative offerings, strength in coarse grains
small world's shipments/foreign buying, less
favorable crop reports and general covering
The close was firm at %@% advance. March
84 7-16®84%c, closed 84%c; May, 83 13-Uik)
84 5-16c; closed 84%c; July, S37i@84%c closed
84^c.
HOPS— Dull. ' / • '¦ ¦ / •
HIDES— Steady. ¦
NEW TORK. Feb. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts,
46,566 barrels; exports, 110,109 barrels; moder
ately active and a shade higher on some grades.
New York Grain and Produce.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Feb. 8. — Clearings, $355,
772; balances. $112,65S. . ',' ¦
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 3.— Clearings, $623,
514; balances. $86,679.
TACOMA, y/ash., Feb."3.— Clearings, $212,
026; balances $28,6S".- " ¦' '
SEATTLE. Wesh.. Feb. 3.— Clearings, $13C,
690; balances, $63,603. i •;
Northern Business,
RBAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
.. EGGS— Ranch, 22i*J@23c - for i selected large
and 21@22c for good to choice; .stpre, 19320c
per dozen. • : .
Both Butter and Eggs \ are well 'cleaned up
and higher. Eggs are rendered especially firm
by two important factors— light supplies and a
demand for. shipment. Cheese shows less weak
ness than of late and the market is now quot'ed
steady."
Receipts were 27,700 pounds, 20 tubs and
— - kefs of Butter. pounds of Eastern
Butter, 775 cases of Eggs. cases of Eastern
Eggs, - 6400 pounds of California Cheese
pounds of Oregon Cheese - and pounds of
Eastern Cheese! - • ' ¦ ¦ ' ' ' .
BUTTER— Creamery, 27^@28c per lb for
fancy, 27c for firsts and 25@26c for seconds
dairy. 17M>«i>25c: store Butter, 14@17c per lb-
Creamery Tub.. 20c; Pickled Roll, 18@19c- Keg'
10<?M8c per lb. <¦..'.. *«K.-ii ¦ ...
CHEESE-^New, ll@11^4c; old 10@10%c-
Toung America, .12@13<r: Eastern. 13®15c oer
pound. -•< ¦¦.¦-. : ¦ ¦ . • •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
NEW TORK, Feb. 3.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday. February 1, „ as • compiled by
the New Tork Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows: Wheat, 57,975,000 bushels; decrease
1,442,000 bushels.! Corn. 11,332.000 bushels
unchanged. Oats,. 4,301.000 bushels; increase
398,000 bushels. Rye, 2,050,000 bushels' de
crease 08,000 bushels. Barley, 2,120,000 bush
els; increase 47,000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply,
San Francisco,.....; $ f-g »-3S
Fresno OO A ii lw.10
Indej.end*nce ...... ioo J'si J"?J
San Luis Opjsbo.:.. .00 e.™ \ A £
Los Angeles .00 42?
San Diego g £« 9-41
A quarterly dividend of 5c per share will v,.
paid by the Pacific Auxiliary Fire AlarmCom!
pany on the 12th. v ' om
In the afternoon the sugar stocks -wtm easv
and Makawell sold off to $26 50. Gas and EIm
trie was higher at $41 75, while Spring Vallev
Water continued to advance, tocching $88 75
The California- Wine Association has declared
the usual monthly dividend of 60c per shaV*
payable on the 10th. » v * snare,
The feature In local stocks and bonds yes
terday morning was the activity and firmness
in Spring Valley Water, which advanced from
$85 75 to $87 50r The reason for tho Improve
ment, according to the brokers, was the pros
pect of more harmony between the city and the
company In the matter of the future water
supply, resulting from recent Investigations by
the chairman of the Water Committee of the
Board t of Supervisors. Giant Powder was
firmer at $79 50 and California Wine at $97
Other changes were Insignificant. The oil
stocks. were quiet and. without especial chanee
as usual.' . •
WASHINGTON. Feb. 3.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $175,424.1)00; gold, $87,934,022.
Condition of the Treasury.
«^ h^ erldIlln - PacIflc Ttae.)
Weather Report.
COTTON— Upland, 4^d. ¦ * .
The Imports of wheat into Liverpool last
week were 71,000 quarters from Atlantic ports,
23,000 from Pacific and 40,000 from other ports.
LONDON. Feb. 3.— Consols, 94&: silver,
25 7-lCd; French rentes, lplf 20c; cargoes on
passage,- qulet ! and steady;- cargoes " No. ' 1
standard California, 29s Ud; cargoes Walla
Walla. 29s 3d; English country markets, dull;
import Into United Kingdom, wheat, 241,000;
Imports into United Kingdom, flour, 161,000;
wheat and flour on passage to United , King
dom. • 3;51 0,000; wheat and flour on passage to
Continent, 1,210,000; Indian shipments wheat
to United Kingdom, 170,000; Indian shipments
wheat to Continent, 3000. - ,' , ¦
HOPS— Pacific Coast, steady; £3 5s@£4. -
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 3. — Wheat, steady ; Na 1
standard California, 6s 3d<£CGs 4d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
snow. ¦¦¦
Foreign Markets.
Export* of Quicksilver in January were 335
Exports of Quicksilver.
MONDAT. Feb. 5—4 p. m.
Alpha ....... B i£- As & j* 9UC9 :«?! b&as*
£*• 05 OTKentuck " 01 $
Andes 01 02 Lady Wash fti
p.^ 8 !8gSa-:= I §
Caledonia ... 32 33 O?ermaii 15 m
Challenge ... 12 14 PotSl . 1* i±
Julla - MiTelJacket.'.V. 07 ol
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Receplts of Game were 75 sks, mostly. Hares •
POULTRT — Dressed Turkeys, lC@18c; Live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $160@l 75; Goslings.
$2@2 25: Ducks. $5@5 50 for old and- $607 for
young; Hens. $4(3)5; young Roosters. $4 50@
0; old Roosters, *4@4 50: Fryers. $4® 5: Broil
ers. $4@5 for large and $3@4 for small; Pigeons.
$1 50@l 75 ' per dozen for old and $2 50@2 75
for Squabs. ¦ ' , • ¦
GAME— Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits, Jl 25#1 CO
for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;. Gray Geese,
$3 CO; White Geese. $1 50; Brant. $1 50@2 per
dozen; Honkers, *3@4 50. .1
Two cars of Eastern were put on. Receipts
of local stock were light and prices were nomi
nal. • Dressed Turkeys sold well under light
receipts, . good Hens being especially' In de
mand. .
Poultry and Game.
LONDON. Feb. 3. — The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered CSS8 bales. Gooa
tcoured and fine merinos sold well but low;
crossbreds ¦ were Irregular. < South Australian
and West Australian were in good demand.-
London Wool Sales.
Export, of California Wine from this port
by sea during. the past month were 671945
Exports of Wine.
FOR MONDAT, PEBRUART 3.
Flour, qr sks 10,554 Hops, bales n»
Wheat, ctls 1,260 Wool, sks " a
Barley, ctls ....10,7Sr, Hides, No .". 2a?
Corn, ctls 4S3 Pelts, bills 75r
Beans, sks 847 Quicksilver flsks o?
Rye. ctls 385 Leather, rolls si
Potatoes, sks ... 6,195 Sugar, ctla / '" oj£
Onions, sks ..... 50 Raisins bxs 1 ncu\
Straw, tons 63 Lime, bbls . ""' '?£i
Hay. tons ... 423 Wine, gals ..' """go ISo
Middlings, sks... 420 Chicory, bbls «
Bran, sks 3. 683 .Tallow, ctla -AS
OREGON. * .
Potatoes, sks ... 238 J
..MEXICO. <;
Corn, ctls 150/
Receipts of Produce.
Copper statistics show increases in stocks of
1624 tons and in supplies of 1200 tons. Rio
Tintos were lively, touching at one time 47%,
reacting sharply to 46% on the absence of
Paris support, due to the storm.
As far as business was concerned American
stocks might have been • shut out of the ex
change. Half the dealers did not even bar
gain, but after the close of business New York
bid prices up sharply in the street, particularly
Southern Pacific, Union Pacific, Erie and Atch
ison,'as is supposed, in anticipation of a favor
able decision in the . Northern Securities Com
pany suit. . • ,
NEW TORK. Feb. 3.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram saya:
The -stock market paused to-day on account
of profit-taking, but the undertone was .good.
Business to a certain extent was checked by
a breakdown of cables and" telephones due to
the storms. This had a marked effect on the
volume of trading, as the Continent of late haj
been the biggest buyer of securities.
London Market.
Lumber and Salmon Trade.
Receipts and exports of Lumber and Salmon
during the month were as follows:
l-^V\ M v«w— , ReC w Ptl L. from California were
051 "" 1 durlnff the mo^
~ 1 i^? :C "" Recelpt " cf Salmon in Januarj'
NEW YORK. Feb. 3.— Money on call waj
steady at 2^4@2% per cent. Prime mercantile
paper. 4@4% per cent.' Sterling exchange was
firm, with actual *bus!ness In bankers' bills at
$4 STU for demand and at $4 S4©4 84 14 for
sixty days. Posted rates, $4 S5@4 85 >4 and
$4 88. Commercial bills, $4 83%@t 84%. Bar
silver, 55%c. Mexican dollars, 4414c. Bonds-
Governments, steady; States, easier; railroads,
irregular.
New York Money Market.
Receipts of Coal at this port during the
month of January were as follows: From
£"f£ S^ Undl 50 ' 049 tons: BrltIs h Columbia
.!0,409; Oregon. 2730; Australia. 21.233; Engl
L^o^i^f^te^s 101 Eastern « 1025 ' ffiakl -
Coal Receipt s t in January.
Afternoon Session.
MQ Alta 08 300 Justice .. n
100 Best & Belch 29 200 Mexican 82
300 Caledonia ... 34 ' 200 Ophlr <2
200 Con Cal & V.I 20 600 Overmin H
1100 Con NT .... 02 §00 ?J?S?^ '— It
500 Crown Point.> 07 600 Savk™ 12
200 Gould & Cur. . 16 200 Silver HiK'" J?
600 Justice ..... J _15_600 Tel Jack"}.;.' S
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belch 26 200 Ophir .. M
£&. £ est & BeIch so ° Overman . 12 W
300 Caledonia .... 32 800 Overmia ft
80O Caledonia .... 33 110O Overman i2
500 Caledonia .... 34 500 Potosi *" : " it
300 Con Cal ft V.I 20 500 Sierra N«r ' it
14^00 Ct>n NT.... 02 SOOSIlwHm 72
200 Crown Point.. 07 300 Silver Hill " 22
60O Gould & Cur. 16 300 i v'r HI V
.600J" 8 "" 11 200 St Louis .." 8?
i88 Sets ::::: g "» Unloa
Following -were the sales on tie F*dflo Stock
Exchange yesterday: WCJt
1500 Andes 01 300 Overman ... 12
200 Chollar 18 200 Savage i?
100»Con Cal & V.I 20 100 Silver -Hlu'V. 71
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher lOi 600 Ophir ... ra
100 Best & Belch 29 100 Overman ir
200 Con Cal & V.I 20 100 Savage v>
200 Gould & Cur. 1« 1000 Silver Hill"* f&
iooMSSSn :::¦::. g «»™jaci«t..:: &
Morning Session
Following were the sales on ths San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 3. — The cotton market
opened steady in tone with prices 2 to 5
points higher and closed quiet and steady jvith.
pricjsnet 2 to 4 points higher on crop months
and 1 to 2 points lower on next crop options.
New York Cotton Market.
IRON— Was dull here. The English markets
were higher. Glasgow closed at 48s and Mid
dlcsboro closed at 44s 10%d. Pigiron warrants
closed at $ll(i?12; No. 1 foundry. Northern,
S16 50@17 50; No. 2 foundry. Northern, ¦ $16®
16 75; No. 1 foundry. Southern, $16@16 50; No.
1" foundry, Southern, soft, $10@10 00.
SPELTER — Was unchanged and quiet locally
at $4 Ho. London closed 2a Cd higher at £17
10s. .
LEAD — Was steady at New York at $4 10,
and London .was 5s lower, closing at £11 7s 6d.
TIN— Was higher here, closing at $24 25 bid,
and London was £1 10s higher at £110 Is for
spot and £105 15s for futures.
COPPER— Is still on the upward turn and
prices to-day were about }4@%c a pound higher
than they were last Friday. Lake is quoted at
13%c, electrolytic at 13V*c and casting at 13c.
At the close, however, the tone of the mar
ket was called steady with buyers hesitating.
Many of them have recently taken a great deal
of coper for future delivery, thus providing
for their wants for some time to come. The
London market for. copper was firm at £1 ltts
advance, which closed spot and futures at £56
15s. *
New York Met at Market.
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, S@10c; I Green
Peas from Los Angeles. 5@7c; String Beans
from Los Angeles, S@12%c; Cabbage. 40@50c
per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 75@2 per
box and $2@2 25 per crate; Mexican Tomatoes,
$2@3 per box; Dried Peppers. 12%@15c per lb;
Los Angeles do, 15@17%c; Dried Okra, 12%@15c
per lb; Carrots, 35@50c per sack; ¦ Hothouse
Cucumbers, $1@1 25 per dozen for large and
50@7oc for small: Garlic. 1»4{?2&c; Los An
geles Green Peppers, 20®25c; Mexican do, 20
®25c;.. Egg .Plant from Los Angeles, 20W25c;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles, $1 50@2;
Marrowfat Squash, $S@10 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, ?8@lO. \ . ,
POTATOES— $1@1 30 for Burbanks from
the < river: Salinas Valley Buraanks. $1 CO®
$1 75; Oregon Burbanks. ?1 23@1 65; Oregon
Garnet Chiles. $1 40@l 50: River Reds. Jl 500
1 60; Early Rose, for seed, $1 50@l 60; small
Burbanks. for seed, $1 35@1 45; Sweets, $1 50
for Merced. • ' . ...
ONIONS— Oregbns,. ?2@2 25 first hands;
Grpen Onions. 40@(i5c per box.
Three cars of Sweets came in
Potatoes were firm under moderate receipts.
Onions are scarce and firm, and the Jobbers,
who hoW all the spot stocks at present, are
selling from store and sidewalk as high as
$2 35<g2 50 per ctl.
Los Angeles Peas were firmer, • as receipts
were light and the poor stock' that recently
accumulated . has been cleaned up. Tomatoes
continued slow, being green. Reports from the
South Indicate a scarcity of Vegetables from
that section, owing to the recent freeze. Rhu
barb was weaker, the retailers being well sup
plied. Mexican Peppers and Tomatoes were
offered at previous prices.
Potatoes, Ott ions and Vegetables.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
120-3 Oil City Petroleum ' *o
500 Sterling, b 90 122V
Mornlns Session.
Board —
800 Four 53
2 Hanford "* gg (#
1 Hanford. cash 89 00
2000 Independence a«
200 Reed Crude 3S
81 Reed Crude 35
PRODUCERS' -OIL EXCHANGE.
V.'HEAT— Exports of Wheat during the
month were 1.1C4.C04 ctls, valued at *1 176 407
against 912.S5.-S ctls, valued at 1924.340 'in Jan
a^ K -? 01 -, Sinc f July X th «e exports were
->,5. 8.8*3 ctls. valued at $5,694,760. against
4.040.0S5 ctls. valued at 54.197.63S during the
fame r-eriod last season.
BARLEY— The exports of Barley in Janu
ary were 1C3.534 ctls. valued at $157 321
gainst 1S0.823 ctls. valued at $K8.324 in janl
uary, 1901. The total exports, thus far for the
crop year, commencing July 1. were 3.5S5.14S
?«| E ,',-Ji* 1U f d «^V?5' 2 .§i- 1S6 - »8»i°»t 1.631.354 ctls.
jaiued at $1,553,672 during the same period
last season. .
FLOUR— Exports of Flour from this port in
January were 1€S,006 barrels, valued at $536,
£81. against C2.143 barrels, valued at 5175.S99.
In January. 19C1. From July 1 to date these
exports amount to 775,990 barrels, valued at
S2.3K7.233. arainst S4S.116 barrels, valrfed at
J'J??b. 4^ durin * the sanj e period in the season
of 1J0O-C1.
Exports of Flour and Grain.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OH. In bulk
13%c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 20c; Astral "oe-
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c- Eocene
22s; deodorized 3tove Gasoline In bulk 15c- in
cases. 21%c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c- in cu..
20%c; 86-desreo Gasoline, in bulk 20c- in
case-. 26%c. * *"
TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.05c-
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated 4 00c- Drv
Granulated. 4.80c; Confectioners' A. 4 soc-
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated hoo
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D. 4.10c; barrels 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more
60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for leu
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos.
half-barrels. 5.30c: boxes. 5.55c per lb.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
C003 Bay, S5 50; Wallsend. $S 50; Co-operative
Wallsend. SS 50; Cumberland. *12 In bulk and
tia 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg-
; Welsh Anthracite, $14; Cannel $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk, and |17 in
tacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton, according to brand
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases No l'
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels', boiled'
7tic; raw. 74c; cases. 5c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and «!c for raw. in barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, S'Oc; cases 05c'
China Nut, 57%@b'Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot, In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm nure
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c o'er gal
lon; Fish Oil. barrels. »7%c; cases 42i!c-
Cocoanut Oil. barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and
oS%c for Australian.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; lo
cal make, »£c less than Calcutta*; "Wool Bags.
S-@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
General Merchandise.
1 ST. JOSEPH.
, ST. JOSEPH. .Mo., r Feb. 3. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 1400. Steady to weak. Natives, $3 50
@0 UO; cows and heifers, $1 0OQ.5 40; veals,
$3 50©6 30; stockera and feeders, $2 50@4 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 48C0. Steady. Llnht and
light mixed. $5 SOifiG 30; pigs, $3 75@5 10. /
SHEEP— Receipts, 1800. Strong. Top year
lings, $5 40; top ewes, 54 35. : ¦
CHICAGO, Feb. 3.— CATTLE — Receipts, 21.
000; good to choice, steady; others weak; cows
active. Good to prime steers, $6 30@7 25; poor
to medium, S4@0; stockers and feeders, $2 25©
4 50; cows, ?1 25@5 25; heifers. S2 50@5 50;
canners'. $1 25@2 30; bulls, $2 40@4 CO; calves,
$2 50®.*: Texas fed steers. S4@'5 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 42.0C0; to-morrow.
40,000; left over, 6000. Opened steady; closed
weak. Mixed and butchers',, $5 85(56 30; good
to choice heavy, $0 2O@15 40; rbugh heavy.
$5 90i@0 20; light. $5 50@U; bulk of sales, $5 U5
©C 25.
¦ SHEEP — Receipts, 8000. Active and strong
er. Good to choice "vvetheis, $4 50<Q5; fair to
choice mixed. $3 70@4 SO; Western sheep ana
yearlings, $4 2QQ5 60; native lambs, ?J 50fp
6 15; Western lambs, $5(5 6 15.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
Receipts of Hogs are light, but so "is th«
demand, hence prices do not Improve. The
other descriptions remain about as before.
Wholesale rates irom slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6®7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 7%@9c; small. 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S®8%c; Ewes, 7%©8c
per lb.
LAMB— Yearlings, »@9%c psr lb; Spring
Lamb, lie Mr lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 5%@
6c; under 150 lbs. 5%@5%c; soft Hogs, 5@5%c;
sows, 20 per cent off: boars. 30 per cent off.
and stags, 40 per cent oft from the above quo
tations; dressed Hogs, 7@8%c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
g 2 S^C ~S ~
2 5g H3 sZ ** %
stations. I :c:| fo |o s
A «oria .29.92 48 34 S Kaln — 7T,
£££§!:!& S % M HdVi
Flagstaff 30.08 40 4 N Clear JS
Pocatello. Ida. 30.36 2S J4 NW Pt Tidy 'oo
Independence .10.04 54 22 SE pLcidv "i2
Los AngeUs.. 30.08 CO 38 W pfc dy 'oo
Phoenix 30.00 64 :>a W ri-ar . ' "nS
Jutland 30-0* 36 30 NW Rain '^t
Red Bluff 30.14 48 34 NW Cloudy 'no
Roseburg ....30.06 40 30 NW C oudy m
Sacramento ..30.16 54 36 .S C oudy '00
Salt Lake.... 30.24 32.12 SW Clear "no
fian Francisco.30.18 52 40 SW Cloudv 'nt,
6. L. Obispo* .30.16 62 38 W Cloudy ' 'oo
6an Diego.... 30.06 56 46 W Clear
Seattle 29.94 44 30 S CloGdy 'ift
Spokane 30.12 32 22 E Cloudy '00
Neah Bay 29.76 46 38 6 Rain : 4>
Walla Walla.30.18 20 14 S Cloudy 'oo
Stocks— • . Sales, High. Low. Close.
Atchison 15.«00 77% • 76U 7GU
Atchison pfd- . 2,900 «7% 97% J 97V.
Bait & Ohio....... 3.800 103% 103 103
Bait A Ohio prd.. ..' 9C
Canadian Pacific .. 400 113% m% n.-m
Canada Southern .. 400 87% 86% 88
Ches & Ohio...... 1,000 46 45*4 45%
Chicago & Alton.. 200 34% 3414 34
Chic & Alton pfd.. 500 76M 76 76
Chic Ind & Louis.. 1,300 53 52 52
Chic Ind & L pfd.. ROO 76 7514 7514
Chic & East 111.... 200.141 141 14l2
Chic & Great West 3,800 23»4 «>2% *>1
Chic & G W A pfd. . : . . . - ¦ ¦ Si
Chic &GWB pfd. 100 44% 44% 44%
Chic & Northwest. .300. 214% 213"% —\?.u.
Chic R I & Pac. 2.400 163% 161% 161
Chic Ter & Tr 100 17% - 17U > 17
Chic Ter & Tr pfd ...... ..... '£ s 2 ii
C C C & St Lpuis/. . 1.100 99% 99 991?
Colo Southern 5,900 15% 15% 15U
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 6.500 65% 63% G5
Colo Sou 2d pfd... 7.600 31% 30% 31U
Del & Hudson..... 2.700 174% 173% 172
Del Lack & West. 2,500 294 280 ••SS
Denver & R G..'. . 100 42 42 4"%
Denver & R G pfd. 400 91% 91 U 91 >i
Erie .11,900 , 39% 39 3S)
Erie 1st pfd 1,900 70 fifl% 60%
Erie 2d pfd....... 900 56% 50 56V4
Great Northern pfd 1,800 189% 186 188
Hocking Valley ... 200 68 68 68U
Hocking Val pfd... 1,000 83% 82« 83*5
Illinois Central ... 1.400 | 138 1374 137 Vi
Iowa Central 100 40% 40% 40
Iowa Central pfd ...... 74
Lake Erie & West ... ¦" " " " kjil
Lake E & W pfd.. 100 132% 132% '• 130
Leuis & Nash 3.300 104% 103% 103%
Manhattan L 7..T00 13«Vi 135 135
Met Street Ry .13.500 171% 1G9% 170
Mex Central 1,800 • 29 28V4 28U
Mex National .... 1.800 17% 1? ie%
M »nn & St Louis.. 1,600 107%- 107 107U
Mo Paclflc 22,300 103ti 101% Joi%
Mo Kan & Texas... 600 24*2 24% 21 ft
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. 900 £% SiJ U?
£ J Central 100 meg 195 $ ¦ ,£J
£3 Cental 3,300 162% 162 161%
Norfolk & West... 500 56% 56 ">«
Norfolk & West pfd oi
Ontario & West.... 3,700 .34% <33% : ' : 33%
Pennsylvania ..... 6,000 149% 14914 14084
Reading 54,700 67V* 56 5M4
Reading 1st pfd... 4.6O0 S2U 8174 r-T1
Reading 2d pfd 14,600 03% 6">U tat'
i[^i s s K F mpfd: b illll 11
St L & S F 2d pfd.. 1.000 75V4 75 # : 7%
St L Sou th west . ... , 8C0 26% 26 «*u
St L Southwest pfd - 600 69% 58«i f£' J
St Paul 68.000 165% 163% 163»i
StPauIp/d 100 188% 18S% 187^
Southern Pacific... 90.300 . 63U 6IT4 SiJ?
Southern Railway. 10,700 33% 33% $0??
Southern Ry pfd.. 1.400 95V 4 94U flliZ
Texas & Pacific... 200 38% 3«a! « %
Tol St L & West.. 500 20% 20% In
Tol StL & W pfd.. 1.800 38« 37% ??i/
Union Pacific . 65,700 103% ]0l2 101a*
Union Paclflc prefd 900 89% : 89 ot 9 *
Wabash 4.600 22% 22W Km
Wabash prefd 1,900 42% 42U 42V
W & Lake Erie.... " • ** *$"*
w & l Erie m pfd . .;;; ¦• ll
Wis Central : ROrt ]»% i«iaZ 101/
Wls Central prefd.,> 300 40%\ . 40 % In 4
Express Companies —
Adams I... ...:.' 200
American .... " ;^X
%$&£&}E - 500 . 109% - lo6 " 1
Miscellaneous— " "¦"* ¦'*'
Amal Copper. .....120,300 78% 75% ' 7 «j/
Amer C & Foundry. 400 29% ' "91Z 0S1?
Amer C & Fdy pfd. • ©00 86% ' O 6# 86^
Amer. Lin Oil:.... 400 24% 24% 2nl
Amer Lin OH pfd.. . * %q*
NEW TORK. Feb. 3. — The professional ele
ment Ktnong the stock operators showed ' a
rather hopeful . spirit this morning and started
with some confidence to' buy the transconti
nental ¦ railroad stocks. The movement. seemed
to be based upon an assumption that the Su
preme Court would hand down its decision to
day in the Northern Securities Company case,
for within half an hour after the time for the
sitting of the court this morning's gains - In
these stocks had been wiped out. The dealings
in Southern Pacific were especially large and
gave evidence of operations by a speculative
pool. The buying of the stock is ostensibly
based upon the expectation of an early refund
ing of large issues* of bonds bearing a high
rate of interest and which mature In the ,next
few years. The financial, district was flooded
with very optimistic estimates of the current
earnings of the road. The price was carried
at one time 1 % over Saturday, but it fared
little better than the other Pacifies in the re
actionary movement, and closed with a net gain
of %. There were heavy dealings also In St.
Paul and Union Pacific, but their* gains were
entirely wiped out. Efforts were made to re-
Vive the market by inaugurating a movement
in the coalers. Lackawanna went up .14, very
little ¦ stock coming out. . Rumors were revived
that the company's stock is to be doubled, with
valuable rights to present holders. . The deal
ings in Amalgamated Copper were on an enor
mous scale. • the number of shares sold being
about the largest for a single day In the history
of the stock. It was under pressure throughout,
with occasional rallies, and late in the day fell
more than three points under Saturday, closing
with a net loss of 2%. Profit-taking was an
Important element In the weakness of the stock,
but there was a disposition to discredit recent
rumors of a combination with other copper
producers. The weakness of this stock did
not affect the early rise in the transcontinental
Etocks, but its depressing Influence gained force
later in the day. The large Increase in loans
by the banks last week was the sub ect of much
discussion without throwing much light upon
the uses. for which the borrowed money was
designed. The fact that nearly $10,000,000 of
the increase was made by two of the leading
banks in the Cle/iring-house which are affili
ated with the financial power which originated
most of the great combinations last year en
couraged the supposition that large syndicate
operations and possibly new projects are in
hand. The sudden and unexpected declaration
and disbursement of a 1. per .cent dividend on
Northern Securities stock might account for
part of the loans, although the public is igno
rant of what volume, of this stock has been ex
changed for that of the constituent companies
Subscriptions to a number of new railroad
bond issues might also be responsible The
money market continued easy, notwithstanding
the expectation that the outward movement of
gold is to be renewed. In fact, the ease of the
money market is the permissive factor in the
export of gold.
Railroad bonds were moderately active and
irregular. Total sales, $4,245,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. • • ¦
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
New York Stock Market.
Beans remain dull, and quotations show no
changer . .
BEANS— Bayos. S2 40@2 50: Small White.
$3 1003 25; Large White, $2 7S@3; Pea, $3 50
«S4; Pink. $1 75@2 10; Red, *2 25@2 50; B'.ack
eye..$3 50@3 C5; Limas. $4 40@4 60; Red Kid
neys. #3 50©3 75 cer ctl. • ¦ . : • .
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $2 S5@3: Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax, ?2 40@2 75; Ca
nary, 3'4@3VjC for Eastern: Alfalfa, from
Utah. 8%c; Rape. l%@l*4c: Hemp, 3%c p?r lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 25@1 Co; Green.
?1 25@1 CO per ctl. :
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS- $2G®21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $19@20 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; Job
bing. ?28 50®20; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn
Meal, $31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 60@32 50;
Mixed Feed, |17@18 50; Cottonseed Meal.
?2C 50.
HAY— Wheat. $10@13 50: fancy, $14; Wheat
and Oat, $10@13 50: Oat. ?!>§11; Alfalfa. $89
10; Clover, $7@9; Volunteer, S6@8 5O; Stock.
$6«?R per ton.
STRAW— 45® 63c Per bale.
BRAN— $18 50019 50 per ton
¦ Continued predictions of rain, cloudy skie3
and southerly winds k'eep the hay market trem
bling on the edge of an advance or a possible
decline, with the chances in favor of the for
mer. Under the circumstances buyers are very
cautious and buy\ no more than they need to
fill Immediate wants. Prices remain un
changed. Straw Is in light supply and higher.
Rolled Barley continues to advance in sym
pathy with the raw product. Other Feedstuffs
are steady and unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat—. • March. May.
Opening 6 1% 6 2
Closing 6 1% * 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— . Feb. . May-Aug.
Opening 21 70 22 70 •
Closing 21 70 22 75
Flour —
Opening 27 45 2S 45
Closing.... .......27 30 28 40
EASTERN MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm;- creameries, 16@25%c; dai
ries, lo@20c. Cheese, strong, 9%@11%C Eggs,
strong; fresh, 25c.
Prunes are quiet but fairly steady for spot
on the 6=ic basis for new Santa Claras In 25
1b boxes. Coast holders quote 3Kc t. o. b. four
Fize basis for new Santa Clara fruit. Old offer
on the 3c f. o. b. four size basis. There is
more firmness shown for apricots and a good
jobbing interest obtains. Peaches are firmer
and with the appearance of spring buying in
Jobbing quarters some advance is Looked for.
Markets in the interior are reported lightly sup
plied. Pears on the spot are scarce and ex
ceedingly firm within the quoted range. In
<1ates the market shows a strong tone for Per
sians, with a fair movement reported by the
rrincipaf holders. Fard dates continue to show
*»6ineEs. In flgrs the situation Is steady and
fairly firm, stocks being somewhat light and
in close control. We hear of business within
the quoted range on both bags and layers.
Mail reports from New York say: "In ral
«ins, imported Valencia layers are steady and
firm at 7%c. There is a moderate movement.
Btocks are in email compass. California loose
offers In a email way on the 6%c basis for 3
crown. Seeded in bulk and cartons hold some
what firmly, the position taking strength from
the attitude of packers controlling the coast
Ftocke and the comparatively strong position of
other markets. Private mail advices from
Fresno state that the packers expect to fix a
new sellins basis this week, but* an Interest
here which is supposed to control the coast
stocks states no prices will be made until the
controversy over the ownership of the sticks
It finally settled. »
Dried Fruits in New York.
Articles! Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 28.000 • 22,000
Wheat, bushels 32.000 82,000
Corn, bushels 70,000 47,000
Oats, bushels : 95,000 192,000
Rye, bushels 3,000 .......
Barley, bushels- ...; 41^000 20,000
HOPS — 9® 10c for fair and 11912c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10S15c
tor shipment.
WOOL — Fall, San Joaquin, (!@8c; San Joa
qin Lambs'. 7%@S%c; Middle County. S@lOc
per- lb: Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c; do,
fall, 14@15c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium. 10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides,- 0%c for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c: Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, lG%c; Culls. 14c:
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 1801S%c; Culls and
Brands. 16c; She'epskins, shearlings, 15@30o
each;, short Wool, 40@OOc each: medium, 65©
75c: long Wool, SOcSJl 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt, $2 7503 for large and $2 00 for medium.
$1 7S@2 for small and 60c for Colts ; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 60 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c;' winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins- — Prime Angoras, 71>c; larga and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No.' 3 spring wheat, 74c; No. 2 red,
83%@85%c; No. 2 oats, 45fi45%c; No. 2 white,
47@47%c; No. 3 white, 48@47c; No. 2 rye, 61c;
fair, to choice malting barley. 50@63c; No. 1
flax seed, $1 70; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 73;
prime timothy seed, $6 CO;, mess pork, per bbl.
$15 G5@15 70; lard... per 100. lbs. $9 27%@9 30:
short-rib sides (loose), $8 20@S 45; dry salted
shoulders, (boxed), 7@7%c; short clear sides
Iboxed), $8 60@8 70; whisky,- basis of high
wines, $131.
Morning Session.
Board —
• 30 Cal Wine Assn 97 00
5 Giant Powder Con .............. 79 50
25 Honokaa. S Co 12 5O
25 Kilauea S P Co 4 10 00
20 Makaweli 27 50
$500 Oakland Transit Co 6s 121 25
20 Spring Valley "Water 86 00
5 Spring Valley Water 86 25
10 Spring Valley Water 87 CO
25 Spring Valley Water 87 25
75 Spring Valley Water 87 50
200 Vlgorit , 4 CO
Street—
50 Pac Aux Fire Alarm 3 25
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 12a 00
Afternoon Session. "•
Board —
30 Cal Wine Assn 97 00
15 Contra Costa Water 74 50
60 Honokaa Co 12 50
10 Hutchinson S P Co 14 75
15 Kilauea S P Co 10 00
SO Makaweli . . , 26 50
$1000 Market-st Ry 1st con 5s 121 S7!'
50 Onomea. S Co 24 50 '
40 S F Gas & Elsctric Co 41 75
28 Spring Valley Water 88 73
60 Vigorit Powder 4 CO
Street —
25 Cal Wine Assn 07 00
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.166 170 Pac A B" A.. — 3^
Cal Fruit As 97% 93 Pac C Bor..l63 —
Cal Wine As 96% — Par Paint. .. 18 —
Oceanic S Co 36 40
Hana 2% — , Kilauea. .... 9% —
Hawaiian ... 33 40 iMakawell ... — 27
Honokaa ... 12 13 'Onomea .... 24 25
Hutchlnson . 14% 13%:Paauhau ... 12 13
POWDER.
Giant 78% 80 IVlgorit B% —
SUGAR.
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 175 I Market — 90
Geary — 60 'Presidio .... 85 45
I Sav A Loan. — 90
(Security Sav.305 350
Union Trust. — 2200
German ...1925 —
Humboldt .. — —
Mutual Sav. 66 —
S F Sav U..512% —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Anglc-Cal .. — 81 I, P A A 165 169
California ..417 420 Mer Ex (Uq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.114% — S F Natlonl.137% —
First Natni.320 350
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 /
BANKS.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light... 44 —
Eqt G L Co. 3 — Sac E G&RC 20 35
Mutual — 4% S T A G E. 41%, 42
O G L & H. 51% 62 San Fran... — S
Pac G Imp. . 36% 37% Stktn O & E 8 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, un
settled weather Tuesday, with light rain; fresh
southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday: . probably light
fnow in northern portion; light southerly
winds.
Northern Califronia — -..Cloudy, ¦•' unsettled
weather Tuesday, with rain; fresh southerly
winds. . .,.-'¦..;..•
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday; light
northerly winds.
A storm of some energy overlies Northern
Washington, and the pressure has • already
fallen to 29.75 Inches at Neah Bay. The
greater portion of the . storm will probably
move Inland along the northern frontier, but
a portion may extend southerly and cause
rain as tar south as San Francisco.
The temperature has fallen slowly over
Northern California. . -. ... , V '. .: . . ¦'¦ .
Forecast made at San Francisco for. thirty
hours ending midnight February 4, 1902.' '¦• ¦¦¦ -
FORECAST
WEATER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature — 7 a. m., 42.
Costa. Stockton. City.
Sanuarj- 1. 1902 23.836 12.564 2974
T-ebruary 1. 1902 25.321 7.718 206«
Oats. Corn. Bran.
January 1, 1902 8,207 573 171
February 1, 1S02 8,390 C63 534
Receipts in January were 16.319 tons barley.
2593 tons oats, 942 tons corn and 15S6 tons
bran.
BARLEY
Costa- Stockton. City.
January 1. 1W2 64,850 47.316 *f»62
February 1. 1302 74,836 40.2S8 867
WHEAT
Merchants' Exchange Grain Inspector Stel
ler reports f tocks of grain in wraehouse and on
Tvharf Ffburary 1 as follows, in tons:
Stocks of Grain.
Winnemucca .30.08 40 6 N Cloudy .00
Yuma .30.00 70 34 NE ' Clear .00
COTTOLENE-MDne half -barrel. 10% c; thre«
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
8%c; five tierces, »%c per lb. .
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8%o per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half barrels,
pure. ll%c; 10-lb Una. ll%c; B-lb tins, ll%c;
3-lb tins, 12c.
• CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll%o per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13o for light,
14c for extra light and-14%c for 'sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Earns. 12j?12%c; Califor
nia Hams. ll@ll.%c; Mess Beef. $10@10 60 per
barrel; extra Mess. $11011 60; Family. $129
12 60; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra •clear,
$22 60@23; Mess. $18 60@19; Smoked Beer.
13%@14o per pound.
This market Is still neglected
Chicago was slightly higher, though the high
prices continue to check the consumption.
Provisions.
Wheat In" o°f en ' High. Low. Close.
February ...".... . 75^
May ........ 78% . 78% 78 78%
J &Nii^ 79 - ,78%
™f ::.::::: "88 ;S* 11% 8
Oa e t?-No". 2- 62% C3 ? 2 *
May '.. 44% 44% 44% 44%
July ........ 38% 38% 38% 38%
September .. 33 f 3314 32% 33
' Mess Pork, per bbl : \
Ma y -1S.75 15 90 ' 15 75 15 77%
July ....... .15 82% 15 97% 15 82% 15 05 .
•Lard, oer 100 lbs •
May ........ 9 37% 9 45 0 37% 9 45
July 0 47% 0 55 0 47% 9 60
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs—
May. ..8 40 ,8 45 8 40 8 45
July • • 8 52% 8 55 8 52% 8 65
Exchange a fraction higher. Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures easier. Barley continues to advance.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay kept unsettled by the fluctuating weather.
Rolled Barley higher. Other Feedstuff s unchanged. .
Beans and Seeds still dull. . . : v ......
Butter and Eggs in light supply and higher. - Cheese steady.
Raisins firm at the nczv prices.
Provision's stand about the same.
Hogs in light supply and equally light demand. . " .
Southern Vegetables injured by the cold weather. .
Potatoes and Onions rule firm.
Poultry and Game steady.
Oranges and Lemons dull and Limes lower.
Fair business in local stocks and bonds.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
three months' bills is 3 per cent.
do 1st prefd .... 71 % Wabash ' .23
do 2d prefd.... 57 do prefd ....... 43%
III Central . . : . . .143% Spanislr 4s 77%
Louis & Nash 100%
Bar silver. .25 7-16d per ounce. . Money. 2VS
@3 per cent.
Consols for money 94% Mo Kan & Texas. 25%
do for account.. «94% do prefd" :...;. "54
Anaconda 7«4 N Y Central 165»i
Atchison 78% Norf & Western. . 57 : )'«
do prefd 99% do prefd , 93%
Bait & Ohio...... 108 Ont & Western... 34%
Can Pacific 116% Southern Ry 34%
Ches & Ohio 47% do prefd 97%
Chi Gt 23% Southern Pac «4%
C M & St P.. lGS'/a Union Pacific ...105%
Den & R Grande. 43-> t do prefd ..;.... 92*
do prefd 19% U S Steel 44%
Erie 4O',4i; do prefd 07
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
do prefd ....... 9.J Wlnona ...: .. 1%
N E Gas & Coke. 4% | Wolverine 52^
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams 20|Llttle Chief T. 11
Alice -. ... 45 Ontario 7 50
Breece . (iSIOphlr 78
Brunswick Con 06 Phoenix 04
Comstock Tunnel.. 05% Potosi : 08
Con. Cal & Va...l 10 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra...' 50 Sierra Nevada 12
Horn Silver 1 55 Small Hopes 38
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 45
Leadville Con 05 .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — United Fruit...'... 87
Call, loans 3'£@1 U S Steel 43%
Time loans 4@D do prefd 03^
Bonds— ¦ , ¦ Mining —
Atchison 4s .....102 Adventure ....:.. 23%
Gas lsts S3 Allouez 3^
Hex Central 4s.. 92y< Amalgamated .... 75%
N E Gas & Coke. 55 Baltic 41
Railroads — Bingham ' 24}i
Atchison 76U Calumet & Hecla.675
do prefd 07% Centennial ....... 14
Boston & Albany. 262 Copper Range 81
Boston & Maine.. 1921,1 1 Dom Coal (>i%
Boston Elevated.. 163 . Franklin 15%
N Y N H & H...210 Isle Koyale 22\Z
Fitchburg prefd.. 145 Mohawk ....'.. .>6Vj
Union Pacinc ...101% Old Dominion.... 23%
Mex Central .... 20»i Osceola S5y 2
Miscellaneous — Quincy 110 "
Am Sugar 126 Santa Fe Copper. oW
• no prefd .117% Trimountain 75'i
Am Tel & Tel... 159 Trinity ..: 13*4
Dom Iron & Steel. 28% United States .... 17)3
Gen Electric 27!» Utah .' £5
Mass Electric 33 Victoria 5^
Total sales .... 725,600 ,
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s reg ref.. .108V' T - & N Unl 4s.. ..101%
U S 2s ref coup. .108" ¦ Mexican Cent 4s. . 82%
US 3s reg... 1QSV iex Cent l3t inc. 32%
V: S 3s coup 108^ 'Jinn & St L 4s. .104
US -new 4s reg.. 139 Mo; Kans & T 4s. 08%
U S new 4s coup. 139 VI, K & T 2ds, I '
U S old 4s reg 111 {,' ex Interest:.... 81%
US old 4s coup.-lll^ N Y Cenf lsts... 103%
US 5s reg 100 V Y C gen 3%s..lOS
U S 5b coup .10(5 N J Cent gen 5s. 116%
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% N Pacific 4s .105V 3
Atchison edj 4s. . 04 N Pacific 3s 73%
Bait & Ohio 4s. ..104 N & W con 4s... 103%
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 9($: Reading gen 4s.. 98%
B & O conv 4s... 105% S L & I M con 5s.ll"%
Canada So 2ds..'.1005i St L & S F 43... 9«%
O?nt of Ga GB....11H4 St L Svcstrn lsts. 9S>~
Cent 'Ga' 1st 'Ins. v 80*. St L Swstrn 2ds.'-79
Ches ¦& Ohio 4%s. 108 S A & A P 4s... 90
Chgo & Alt :iy.s. 84 y So Pacific 4sr.... 04%
C. B & Q new -!s. 06% So Railway 5s... 119%
C.'M & SP gen 4s.ll4 Tex & Pac lsts. .120%
C & NW oon 7s. , T, St L & W 4s.. 84
ex Jnterefct 13SV* Union Pacific 4b.;105
C. R I & P 4s...ll0y t Union P. conv 4s. .106%
C.C.C & feLgen 4s.lO.'<V2 Wabash lsts. ... .118%
Chgo Term 4s.... 88% Wab 2ds, ex int.. 111%
Colo & So 4s.: ... d\% Wabash deb B... 68%
Den & R G 4s.... 102 West Shore 4s 111%
Krie iirlor lien 4s. 98V- W & L E 4s 93%
Erie gen 4s...... 8Sti Wis Cent 4s .. 88"-;
F W & D C Jsts.lOPi Con Tobacco 4s.. 66%
Hocking Val.4%s.lOS%
Amer S & Ref. '. 1.400 47% • 47 - 46%
Am S & Ref pfd... 100 97Vb 07% 97>*
Anaconda Min Co.. 4,800 36'4 34% 35%
Brooklyn R Trans. 1,900 ; 66^ ."65% • 65%
Colo Fuel &"Iron.. 1,000 68 .'87 : 8«%
Consolidated Gas.. 200 217% 217 217
Con. Tobacco pfd... "100 117% 117% 117
General Electric .. 5.300 282 280% 2S0%
Glucose Sugar...... 1,100 50% '50 4f>%
; Hocking Coal 200 1(3 15% 35
'Inter Paper- - ......... 19%
Inter Paper pfd. .... .... 74%
Inter Power ...... 87
Laclede Gas 100 90 90 ' 90
National Biscuit.:. 44%
National Lead 200 18% 18% -.18%
National Salt *..... • 30
National Salt pfd e4
North American... 3,000 03% 91% 91%
Pacific Coast . ii ' .... 73
Paclflc Mail 100 46 40 46
People's Gas 3,200 100% 99% 99%
Pressed Steel Car. . 100 41 41 40%
Pressed S Car pfd. 400 84% " 84% 84
Pullman Palace Car ¦ .....;.. 217
Republic Steel .: ' 16%
Republic Steel pfd. 600 69% 69% 69%
Sugar 20.000 127% 125% 126%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2,300 : 64% -63%'/ 63%
Union B & P Co. . . 100 13 13 12%
U. B & P Co pfd .... .... 73
USLeather.. 600 11% 11% 11%
U,S Leather prefd. 100 S0% 80% R0%
US Rubber. ...... 1.100 15 14% 14%
US Rubber pfd... ..... 61
U, S Steel 11.600 43% 43% 43%
U ; S Steel pfd...... 9,600 93% 93% 03%
Weetern Union 500 01% • f»l 91
Amer Loco 4,100 33 32% 32%
Amer Loco pfd 000 02% 92 .92
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The market shows no further .change. Rai
sins are nrm at the new prices, with hardly any
left in the. State. .
FRUITS— Apricots. 7®8%c for Royals and 8
@13o for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 8@9c; sun-dried. 4@4%c;
Peaches. 6@7%c; Pears. 4%i@8%c: Plums,
pitted 4@5%c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines. 5@
5%c for red and 5%®6%c for white; Figs. 3c
for black and 60®75c per box for white.
PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's 6@6%c; 40-50's, 4 %@5V»c; CO-BO'S, 4%
@4%c; 60-70's. '3»i@4V4c; 70-S£s 3%©3%c;
80-00's. 2%@3#c; 90-100's, 2%®2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, Sc: 2-crown, 6}i
@7%c; Loose Uuscatels, 6'/4c for 4-crowmand
5V4o for seedless; 3-crown. 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas. 5%c for unbleached and 7©
8%c for bleached. Clusters— Imperial. $3; De
hesa, $2 CO; Fancy, $1 75 1. London Layers.
$1 25@1 35.
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell,
ttc* No 2, 7c; Almonda, 10%^12c for paper
shell 9@10c for softshell and 6®7c for hard
sheU* Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts.
12®12%c; Filberts. .12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
• HONEY — Comb, 12@13e for bright and 10®
12o for light amber; water white extracted,
£>®6c; light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c
BEESWAX— 27%©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisms.
CHICAGO. Feb. 'S.— Aside from the early
weekly : statistics. ; the news 6f the wheat pit
was bullish. ' Northwestem and local receipts
were small.,' Northwestern elevator, stocks were
decreased. Th»re was a fair demand and cables
werei slightly, up at the start, though ' their
early aavance was lost. The cold weather and
Etorms threatened a slower movement and In
™™ w eedinsr - Ttle coarse grains, especially
S^i -. were strong -and reflected a good deal
f w P? we r in wheat. | The monthly report
m /.. shlnBton save a Poor showing for the
conditicn of the winter crop.. Shorts became
nervous and set to covering, and May. which
opened ¦ a> shade ¦ lower . to a shade higher at
<t>c to (8i»c, advanced.. The visible supply
was reoorted decreased 1,444.000 bushels and
sont May to 77%c. Toward the end of the ses
sion realizing eased. the tone slightly. The
f u ¥¦ reellr^. however, was firm - throughout
the dey, and May closed firm,- %@%c up, at
<O J /*fC. '< ' ¦ ' . - ¦ -. . - -. ¦ A
. Reports that - the - cold weather- would con
tinue for some time infused considerable
strength into corn. Cables were firm and re
ceipts were very, small. May closed strong.
l@l%c up. at 6:5%®o4 C . ay
i S « ln , oata kept near shore. May
clcsed firm, . %@% c higher, at 44%c.
A better cash trade than has existed In pro
visions for some time, , together with the grain
strength, helped prices well. May pork closed
10c ud. lard and ribs 5@7%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago [Grain Market.
, 9 A 1 PRIC0 ' rs — Royal. 10@14c; Moorpark. 9%@
12%C. .. '. •..-.. . , .. - " . .
g^EACHES— Peeled. 14@18c: unpeeled. 7U<3»
. MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as tfil
lows, usual discount - to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
eAra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, 55; Hominy.
?4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;. Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $6 S5@S Uo;
in sacks. $6 50@S; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas.
$5; Green Peas, $tf 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms;. Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, 52 75@3 per barrel for family and $3®
3 35 for -Bakers'; "Washington Bakers, $3w
3 35. - . . " - _¦•.., ,
Flour and Millstuffs.
. Chicago advanced from 62%c to 64%c on very
cold ' weather, extending to the Gulf of ¦ Mex
ico. . The best people were buyers and the
shorts were getting nervous.
There was no change in this ' market.
Large yellow,' • $1 S7%@1 45; email round
do, $1 50: white. $1 30@l 40 per ctl. • '
RYE— Quoted at 85@90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl
CORN — The stock In warehouse Increased
slightly In January, as will be seen in the
first ' column, while the receipts in January
were 942 tons, against 233 tons In January,
1901. • '
Grays, $1 22%@l 30; whites, $1 25@1 42%;
Surprise, (1 40@l 45; black, $1 12%@1 22%
for feed and $1 22%@1 32% for seed; red,
(1 27%@1 37% per ctl for feed and $1 35®
1 42% for seed.
OATS — The stock in warehouses made a triv
ial gain .in 'January, while the receipts In Jan
uary were also larger than In January. 1901.
The market was quiet and featureless, both
here and at Chicago.
Afternoon Session — May— 4000 ctls, 85 %e,
¦ . CALL BOARD SALES. •
Informal Session— 9 :15 • o'clock — May — 2000
ctls, 85V4c. ,
: Second Session — No sales.
Regular ' Morning Session — May— 2000 ctls,
S5%o;'4000, 85%c.
Feed. 91%@92%c for choice bright, • 00c for
No. 1 and 87%@8S ! 54c for off grades: brewing
and shipping grades, 95@97V6c; Chevalier, $1Q>
1 20 per cental. i - ' . •¦ \
The week opened with a stronger and higher
market, with sales of feed at 92%c. The de
mand, however, 'was I nothing extra. A ship
has been laid on to load for Melbourne.
BARLEY — The stock In regular warehouses
and on wharf Febuuary 1 'was .35,105 tons,
against 39,374 . on January 1, and the receipts
in January were 16,319 tons, against 14,940 In
January, 1901. -.-...
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — May — 10,000 ctls, $1 09.
Regular Morning Session — May — 14,000 ctls,
$1 08%., .-.,.-...,, ,¦.....
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 08%;
2000, $1 0S%. './ v
CALL BOARD SALES
Paris futures ¦ weak. The world's shipments
for.,, the . week were • as . follows, •' In . quarters :
Russian. 267,000; Danublan, 45.000; Argentina,
3000; Indian. 20,000; Australian. 111.000.
v: Chicago advanced from 78% c to '.7894c under
a large decrease of. 1,442,000 bushels "In tho
American visible j supply. There were more
buyers i than sellers at the advance, which,
however, was checked later on by 'large ship
ments "and a heavy increase - on I passage. I The
movement in the Northwest continues meager,
but. St. Louis was up %c with a big July
shortage, which ' was expected to develop Into
a marked advance .In that month's delivery
later on. IS The strength In corn ¦ also helped
wheat. ¦ ; The crowd «was bearish ' and fought
the advance, but to little purpose. ¦-
Indications of rain eased off futures in this
market, but spot prices remained- as before. ¦
Spot wheat— Shipping,' $1 07%; milling, $1 10
@1 12% Per ctl. .<:-.. .; - r . ¦-..'¦¦ .
dlterranean Sweets, 75c@$l 25; Lemons. BOc®$l
for common. and $1@1 60 for, good to choice,
and $1,75@2 25 for fancy: G^pe. Fruit.^$1@2.
•Mexican Limes, $4®5; Bananas. $2 25^2 i*>
per bunch for New Orleans and$l 23®.<s lor
Hawaiian; Pineapples. ; $3@4 per dozen.
THE SAN i;R ANCISCO > CALL; TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
Ann E. Short to Southern Paeifle p n m M ».
tot on SB corner of Twenty-seSond ttrSt^Xi
Pennsylvania avenue. E 25 hy N eo' »t« int
on N line of Twenty-second street. BO F^i™
Pennsylvania. E 25 by N 60* *io
B street. N 25 by E 120- $470
Jules Rive to Cora Rive, lot on vnr -„„«
?2; N c ut h avenue and ke Mynwiin
Emma Bartels to William M and tj,,i»
pwle. lot on N line of BroSd avenue 2?0 w
from Plymouth street. W 23 by v l«l i«» a
block J. Railroad Homestead Association? sin'
Union Oil Company of CaliforaU to Mission
Transfer and Refining Company nine l in «.
my P ; h ?"S.-" nCa aDd francWa " and D ?ll pro£
Kate T. Cousins to Southern Paclflc Com
pany, lots.l to 6 and 0 to 14 block % «sJJS
nyvale Homestead: $10. * Ck 5 ' Sun "
Ladd to same, lot S. block 5. same:
James G. and Josephine E. Walke to Mm*
lot on N line of Visltacion avenue 2SoV?rom
Milllken street. K 200. N 130 SW to pSn* ¦ ™
&ZS25! no 3 4!> aDd 5& '
Cornelia J. Pringle to T. B. de FUtppe lot
oy N l^ : °$10 O3t Street> 6 ° W ° f «*'WS?W 25
&.£. V'ff b°y f s 0 i F or6 e - n ,: s o reet ' 5 :8 W ° f
>Iv h^S S J ' Bu'rrell G. White, lot en
«Ve£:«! {SW 10 -"*. Bush « treets - N
Tr C «t r i" f- ,5 lul v Mar » A- Baughman to May
Ftr»?i im ¦.« r 5°' l ?-J ot on E Une of Ashbury
"U™« w «••» X ?« Frederick. N 23. E 106:3. 3
AUCTION SALES
Great Sale of Thoroughbreds
- and Trotting Stock.
EIGHTT HEAD OF -STALLIONS. MAP.E3.
COLTS AND FILLIES, FROM THE
SONOMA STOCK FARM.
Notice Is hereby given that under authority
of an order of Court made December 30, 1901.
J. B. Walden Jr.. administrator of the Eatats
of James B. Chase deceased will sell at pub-
lie auction
THIS DAY
TUESDAT. FEBRUART 4. 1902. at 10 A. M..
AT STOCK TARDS, 1732 MARKET ST..
, . SAN FRANCISCO,
all the great thoroughbred producing brood
marea. stallions, yearlings, two. three and four
year old colts and flllles (sisters and brothers te>
winners), including the stallion Dare by imp.
Darebln. , and the mares Marigold. Centella.
Mischief, Catallna Rebocca and many others
all royaly bred in producing lines.' A13O 20 heaS
of well bred trotters.
Catalogues now ready. Stock at yard Friday.
January 31.
- W. H. HORD. Livestock Auctioneer.
1732 Market St.. San Francisco.
"JSa AUCTIONjSALE fe,
.THURSDAT. FEB. 9. 1902. AT 11 A. M.
AT STEIN'S STABLE, 712 BROAD WAT.
NEAR STOCKTON ST.
Of 40 head BROKE DRIVING AND WORK
HORSES, weighing: from 1100 to 1600: 8
broken mules, consigned by JONES RANCH.
SONOMA COUNTT; also 8 BUGGIES. 1 SUR-
RET, 1 HACK and a number of single an'l
double work and driving harness In good order.
Stock now at yard.
W. H. HORD. Livestock Auctioneer.
jps*« ' ¦ £?¦>
Just Arrived — 72 head of tho finest Work and
"Wagon Horses ever shipped to thta market.
"Weight from 1130 to 1300 lbs., all broke to
drive. OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard street. .RALEIGH, N. C.: Feb. 2.— James W.
Tufts, the, millionaire soda fountain man
ufacturer of . Boston, 'died^suddenly last
night of apoplexy at Plnehurst.
James W. Tufts.
SAILED.
-..Monday. : February 3.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, Seattle/. ' .
Stmr John S Klmbill, \ Thwing, Seattle.
• .'.. • : Monday, ¦'February .1.*
Ktmr Melville Dollar, Gow, oS \ hours 1 from
Stmr 'Aberdeen, .Hiesrlns,..' 32 hours from
Huenesife
I^ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— William Radarn.
a manufacturer of patent medicines, died
here to-day. He was 111 only an hour and
died without medical \ attendance. He
was &> years Old.
William Kadam.
-FORT LAUDERDALE,. Fla., FeU. , 3.—
Admiral and Mrs. ..George Dewey arrived
here ' from Palm Beach to-day and i will
spend several days hunting and fishing
onNewtRIver. .. •¦ • ' ¦•.¦ <¦.':;¦:-...":.'¦'- :.-.,
Admiral D«wey's Hunting Trip.
; WASHINGTON; Feb. 3.— Senator Frye
to-day introduced; a bill providing .'that
the commandant of . the. marine corps
shall have the rank and allowance of a
major general: of the army. ,
Bank of Marine Corps Commandant.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3.— O.: A." Iveia, a
well known attorney and financial agent,
died to-day from .Bright's disease! He
was 37 years of age and is survived by a
widow, son and daughter. . ¦ --
O. A. Ivers.
A. Taylor, 115Vi Second street, "Secured
a warrant' from Judge Cabaniss^ yester
day for the arrest of Amos , Jackson \ on
the charge of grand larceny by trick and
device. ? The allegation is made that Tay
lor, .who Is an old soldier and easily in
fluenced, was Induced to purchase a res
taurant business at 1807 Folsom street; for
$400 and gave Jackson a bill of sale - on
January 31-. without any consideration.
Jackson refuses to give up possession of
the restaurant unless 6n payment of $100.
Illegally Holds Restaurant.
LOS ANGELES,: Feb. 3.— John H. Mc-
Kay, a carpenter." 40 years of age;, was
found dead in! his room at ' a lodging
house this afternoon. An Open gas jet
and the strong odor of illuminating gas
made plain the cause of his death. There
is nothing, however, to indicate that the
man committed suicide.* McKay came
here from San Jose and Fresno. •."'.¦ ; ¦¦
Victim of Illuminating Gas.
GRASS VALLEY, Feb. 3.— In the death
of William D. Smith here to-day this city
lost one of Its foremost pioneers. Smith
came to California in -1849, locating her*
in 1850,. When only a few rude cabins an«l
tents occupied the presertteite of Grass
Valley. . : ' '. _ •, , ;•
William D. Smith.
Four precincts ; were counted in judge
Mufasky's court yesterday, and they in
creased E. I. Walsh's lead over George
Alpers. by fifteen votes.; He is now 163
votes -ahead'' of -the Republican candidate.
The precincts counted Were the' Twelfth
and Thirteenth of the Forty-third, th«
Eleventh" of the -Forty* fifth and- the
Eight of -the. Forty-second.. ¦¦ The Interest
ed candidates who lost votes yesterday
and their losses are. Payot 16, Bent 28,
Wilson .25, Eggers 28, Alpers 31, Walsh 10
and coghian 17. / .: r -'.' '¦' ¦ . ; ',
Walsh's Lead Increases. *
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 3.— George A. Baker,
president , of the- Continental National
Bank and edttneeted With other large busi
ness enterprises, .died to-day of pneu
monia. He ' was born In New Haven,
Conn., April 10," 1832. • He came to St.
Louis In 1S74.
George A. Baker.
. SAN JOSE, Feb. S.^Justice Wallace of
ficiated to-day at a double wedding, with
two San Francisco business men as the
grooms. George H. Prescott . married
Belle Lehe of San Pablo, and Lewis Rock
man became the husband of Mr* Ann
Collender of Columbus, Ohio. A dinner
at the Lamolie Hojise followed the cere
mony. Prescott is a; grain broker in San
Francisco and Rockman was formerly a
member of the "Board of Trade of New
York City. ¦
Two Ban Franciscans Wed.
Flourmill for Woodland.
WOODLAND. Feb. 3.— Articles of incor
poration of a fiourmill plant were fii'fl
ic-day. The capital stock is $35,000, of
which $21,000 has already been subscribed.
Wwk will be commenced at once.
BERLIN, Feb. 3.— Christian Science waa
debated in the Reichstag to-day. While
considering a resolution asking the Gov
ernment to place insane asylums under
imperial control, Dr. Henrich Mueller
(Radical Association) said he thought the
Government should take action In the
"Mrs. Eddy swindle In Flotwell street,
Berlin." alluding to the establishment of
a certain Fraulein Schoen, where Dr
Mueller said, prayer healing was per
formed at two marks an hour, and that
jraulein Schoen had followers in the
higher circles of Berlin society.
Herr Stoecker (Conservative), formerly
court, preacher, said that Christian Sci
ence wats a product of bad philosophy and
worse theology imported from the United
States and that it should be made illegal
in Germany, as had" been done in Ameri-
» a- . Herr. Stoecker suggested that the
Reichstag appoint a commission to in
vestigate occult phenomena.
Count von Posadowsky-Wehner. Im
perial Secretary of State for the Interior
referring to this matter later, said
"Christian Science and spiritualism
h^' e^--i he same Psychological source
Which I. regard as quite dangerous Thera
are certain phenomena that impress even
the higher circles of society, and the
psychological causes can hardly be fath
omed. These come and go, and even £o«ii
headed and thoughtful observers and b2
Movers therein cannot be combated by
force. I earnestly warn againsfuslnjr thd
power of the state against such thines °
The subject of Christian Science was
then dropped. - WdS
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3.-Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Kathie Mitzscher
ling, aged 36 years, San Francisco a n.l
John Voight, 36, Oakland;.. Josenh P
Thomas, 25. and LHlie-A. Anderson S'
both of Oakland; Charles H. Spann si
San Franciscd, and Emma Alderslev 2*
Oakland; Harry L. Sanderson, 33 ami
Teresa Graha, 21, both of Livermorp-
Fred C, Graves. 23. and Margaret F Con
roy, 19, both of San Francisco; Lew An'
gustus Spalding, 21. and _ Florence W
Davies, 18, both of -San Francisco
In the Divorce Court.
% OAKLAND,: Feb. 3.-Allce Mary Strong
began 5 suit for :« divorce to-day as-afniit
David Hudson Strong, charging desertion
The plaintiff, w.ho lives in Pleasaliton, It
serts that her husband left her four years
a £Su lea y fn ,S h er to care for their one
child. Judge Hall gave a divorce t>>
Manuel de Liveira; separating him from
Francisca Constancia de "Liveira on the
ground of desertion. ¦
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— The Ways and
Means Committee of the House by unani
mous vote to-day ordered a favorable re
port on the war tax reduction bill. A
surprise occurred when Representative
Babcock (Rep.) offered his bill largely re
ducing duties on the steel schedule and
placing some articles on the free list as
an amendment to the tea repeal section.
The amendment was defeated. 6 to 7, Bab
cock and Tawney and all the Democrats
voting in the affirmative.
The Cuban reciprocity question also
came up unexpectedly, Representative
Steele of Indiana moving a 25 per cent
concession on Cuban sugar. The motion
was withdrawn, however, after a brief
exchange of comment.
Later in the day both majority and
minority reports were filed. The major
ity report says the probability of the
early withdrawal of the troops from Cuba
and the reduction of the force in the Phil
ippines will make further reductions pos
sible and also reviews the condition of
the treasury. In conclusion the majority
report says: .
It cannot be denied that a large surplus fur
nishes temptation for extravagant expenditure.
While Congress may generally be relied upon
to keen the national expenses within reason
able bound*. It should be relieved from the
pressure which comes with plausible schemes
Jrom every quarter to raid an overflowing treas
ury- • . :
The minority report approves the pro
posed reductions, but asserts they should
have been made long ago. It also advo
cates a general revision of tariff taxation,
with the retention of taxes on accumu
lated wealth. There is a general denun
ciation of the Dlngley law as the mother
of trusts, and the report says that it en
ables the manufacturer to charge Jar
greater prices to home consumers than
are received abroad for the same gooda,
¦which is characterized as "plain robbery."
The minority report adds:
While approving in general the policy of re
pealing; the war taxes, we insist that the cer
tain taxes on accumulated wealth should be
allowed to remain. We refer to such taxes as
are imposed on sugar and petroleum refiners.
The tax of one-fourth of 1 per cent on the an
nual gross receipts of sugar and petroleum re
finers in excess of $250,000 yields about $1,000,
000 annually. This tax has been paid without
demur or protest and there Is no reason why
the great combinations which monopolize these
businesses, . and from which colossal individual
fortunes have been built up, should not pay
some part of the national expenses, as. well as
the masses of the people who use and consume
the various things which are the subject of cus
toms and internal revenue taxation. As the
Supreme Court has denied to Congress the rteht
to tax incomes for the support of the Govern
ment, It is well to place accumulated wealth
under some form of contribution, and we know
of none more Just or equitable than a tax such
as that impoped by the war revenue act on oil
and suear refiners. . .-¦'.:, . \ .
6UIT- GROWS OUT OF FIGHT.— John
Fletcher, who claims to have been severely
beaten by E. 1^ Dohcney at Ansa, Mexico, last
February, fllca a suit for $30,000 ' ¦ damages
against the last named yesterday. ¦
Anti-Convict LaboFBill.
; "WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.-Senator Mason
to-day Introduced a bill to limit the regui
lation of interstate commerce between the
several States • liv goods, , wares and mer
chandise wholly or. in part manufactured
by convict labor or in any prison or re
formatory. . . .';¦;-;¦¦
• BUTTE. Mont.. Feb.' '3.— News' has .been
received in this, city of the death of
George Hea,- a famous trapper and pio«
heer of Montana.'at 'Glen Rea,« Idaho,
last Thursday.- Rea was -one of the tlrst
to enter the Snake River country and ex*
plore '-. the Yellowstone. National Park.
Several times he was r President" Roose-'
Velt'a guide t when the latter was taking
his annual hunt in that part of the coun
try. Rea's home Is situated about fifty
miles from Spencer, Idaho, and during the
-winter can only be reached by dog team
or snowshoes. . ,-'¦ • .
George Eea.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.-The House de
voted to-day to general debate upon tho
oleomargarine bill. The opponents of. the
measure attempted to filibuster against u
at the opening of the session, but were
beaten by more than a two-thirds "vote.
The speakers to-day were Henry of Con*
necticut, Hasklns of Vermont and Graft
of Illinois, in favor of the measure, and
Wadsworth of New York. Foster of Illi«
nois, Burleson of Texas ahd Clayton of
Alabama, in opposition to it.. Those who
antagonized the. bill favored the addition
of the substitute which is designed to pre*
\-ent the fraudulent sale of oleomargarine
under the euise of buttei-. ' - : :
Debate on Oleomargarine Bill.
WOODLAND. Feb. 3.— No new cases of
smallpox have been reported In four days
and th-; contagion seems to have run its
race. Physicians do not expect any fresh
outbreak. The public schools will be re
opened next week.
No New Cases of Smallpox.
Laihbert Miller, the ; bicyclist whose
skull was fractured iri a collision with an
electric car at the corner of -Page street
and. Central avenue, on Sunday afternoon,
died at 10:30 o'clock last night at theCen
tral Emergency Hospital. — : ; • ¦• ~:
Injured Bicyclist Dies.
WASHINGTON", Feb. 3.— Representative
Blakeley of Maryland to-day introduced a
bill limiting the price of Eleeping-car tick-
on interstate railway lines. The rates
Jixed are $1 for an upper berth and 23
«"ents extra, for a lower one for 300 mile?,
and an increase for longer distances.
Regulates Sleeping-Car Bates.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3.-Aftcr sever-Xl
offers which failed to meet the approval
of tho City Council, and' much: annoying
delay, Los Angeles' two million dollars'
worth of 3 S 4 per cent water bonds have
been disposed of. Farson, Leach & Co.
of New York to-day presented to the
Council an offer to take the bonds at par
and accrued 'interest and pay for same
upon delivery at New York. The Coun
cil accepted the offer and an ordinance
was adopted awarding the bonds to the
New York purchasers arid authorizing
City Attorney Ma thews," • now In New
York, to deliver them on payment 6f th>j
$2,000,000.
Los Angeles. Bonds Sold.
Reichstag 1 Debates the
Advisability of. Mak
ing It Illegal.
Two Reports Are Filed
by Committee of
the House.
While Mrs. Catherine Rowe of 103 Russ
street "was alighting from a car at the
corner of Russ and Folsom streets last
night the car was suddenly started. She
was thrown down and later was sent In
an ambulance to the Central Emergency
Hoppltal. where It was found one of her
ribs was broken and her head consider
ably lacerated.
Woman's Bib Is Brokeru.
PRAYER HEALING
AROUSES BERLIN
Fred Mayer, a young man living; at 731
Clementina street, was arrested yesterday
<>r. complaint of his wife on a. charge of
"drunk." Mayer had been on a spree for
j=c-vr-raJ days. Shortly after being taken
to the City Prison he complained of feel
ing sick and was seat to the Central
Ern<?r^ency Hospital He suddenly col
lapsed and died before restoratives could
be administered.
Ifriink Causes TTis Death.
; Joseph Miller, a teamster, while Intoxi
cated last night went into a saloon at SJ
Hinckley alley and demanded fifty cents
of Patrick O'Connor. The latter refused
to deliver the money. Miller drew a 33
caliber pistol and fired at O'Connor. The
bullet struck O'Connor's left- elbow,
. ~— —— J tut c* it.>iv>»v in ills ac<*ii«.
O'Connor was treated at the Receiving
Hospital, and Miller was charged with
assault to commit murder at the - City
Prison. ¦
Miller's Aim "Was Bad.
Word has been received here that Major
Primrose of the Northwest mounted po
lice, recently in charge of the Dawson di
vision, who weht Efffct on a vacation, has
resigned from the police service and ac
cepted a commission' in the* contingent
Just formed for-South Africa, and that ho
also has just married.
Travel between White Korse and Daw
son is very heavy, and there is a tlally
stage line in operation. By spring it is
expected loOO Ions of coal will be ready
for shipment from the. newly discovered
mines at Five Finger, near here. Thu
vein is four feet thick.
, DAV.'SONV Jan. ;21, via Seattle, Kcb.
3. — Permanent- telegraphic corfimunication
between Valdcs ,«nd I5agle- City will be
established by. next July. Captain Burnell,
who left Valdes early last month to com
plete the line, -estimated that the remain
ing distance would be strung with wires
within six months. Twelve men of the
United States'slgnal corps, from the Van
couver barracks, have .been 'sent north to
aid in the work. About 100 horses and 250
tons of baggage will be taken on the ex
pedition, which will be under the direction
of Captain Burnell, a well-known mining
engineer. Wires have already been strung
about .twenty-live miles beyond Copper
Center. The many discoveries along the
Copper River have caused a big boom at
Valdus and much building is going on
there.
pleted 1 Before : the Coming
Autumn. ' ¦
New Telegi-aph Line . Will Be Com-
WIRES SOON TO CONNECT
VALDES AND EAGLE CITY
FAVOR REDUCING
THE WAB DUTIES
B. N. Rowlev, who was installed as
high priest, is the editor of the Califor
nia Fruit Grower. He Is a member of
Pacific Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.; of
California Chapter No. 1S3 of the O. E. S.,
a noble of Islam Temple, A. A. O. O. T.
Brainard Nathan Rowley. M. E. high priest;
Charles C. McDouRall. E. klne; James E. Gor
fion, E. scribe: Benjamin Harris, treasurer;
Henry G. Prince, secretary: Thomas II.
Browne, captain of the host: Gustave Gunzen
dorfer, principal sojourner; Frank C Pague.
royal arch captain: Kroderick L. Wight, mas
ter third vail: Samuel D. .North, master second
vail; Simon Myrson. master flirt vail; T. K.
TTlttich, organist; Edward Gilberts, guard.
Masonic Temple last night in
the presence of a large number of tho
members of .the fraternity by. Charles W.
Taber, the retiring high priest, assisted
by Judge James M. Troutt. past high
priest, as master of ceremonies:
THE following named elected and
appointed officers of San Fran
cisco Chapter Xd; 1, Royal Arch
Masons, -were installed in the
There were also remarks by Compan
ions Milton S. Eisner. M. I* Asher, Lu
cius L. Solomon and Charles L. Field.
Invocation, Rev. E. B. Church; "Chapter
Masonry. " response by Companion Florin L.
Jones, past grand high priect; "Good Work
Squaiy Work." Franklin H. Day. Brand lec
turer i» "San Francisco I{. A. i^hapter No 1 "
Hon.. James M. Troutt. past liigh priest; cone,
•companion James E. Gordon: "CaHfornla Chap
ter No. 5, John Bennett, high priost; sonp
by the quartet; "Our Masonic Obligation*,"
Companion H. D. Loveland; "The Principles
and Tenets of Our Order, 1 ' Dr. W. E. Smith 1
"Mission Chapter No. 70," A. M. Cox hleh
priest; solo, C. L. Gage. .
M. S.. and junior warden of California
Con->mandpry No. 1. K. T. ¦ ; ¦' '_: .
Aftrr the installation there wap'^pre- ;
sented to retiring High Priest C \V. -Ta- '•'
ber a handsome hall clock, known as a
"grandfather clock," in recognition of his
valu»ble services to the chapter during
the term. This was followed by a march
to the banquet hall, where covers *wero
f-et for 250. and every seat was occupied.
A fine supper was served and between
courses there was instrumental music; i
also vocal selections by the chapter choir
consisting of A. A. Batkin. C. L. Gage, '
.Clarence T. Wendell, Edward G. McBain,-
R. AV. Smith and T. K. Wittich. The re
past was followed by responses to toasts 1
by the following named, who were called !
upon by Toastmaster Rowley:
-G fclarman, G. G. Rodders,- fa, Danziser. M.
BraiidenBtelh. R. B. Bowman/. I. A. McGregor.
H<?hrv Stern, C. YT. Smith. M. U Uo?enfeld,
M- ¦ H YounK. E. PV Rurs. M. A. Harknws, •
e'p Shortall. C. C. Wilmans.-S. Bergen J. : A.
Hammersmith. . H; J. Meagher. T J. rowers ¦
Thomas: Horn, R. J.,Scanlah, William Greet
Harrison Washington i Dodge, George JameS,
j, V Cunningham, P. J. Neumann, James
Gartland. M. J. Brenticn. A. H, Bullion. A. W r .
Taylor S. M. Kohn. Henry B. Rues, V. A.-
O'Neill F C. Mortimer. R. C. Ward, Fred
Sherry C. .1. Leighton, H. H. Herbert. F. R.
Deremer W. H. Smith. Thomas E. Day,..Wil
liam A.* Day, H. W." i Gallett. E. Goeller.
Georee Griffin, J. T. Gleftten, J. R. Bocfcrtian,
G J. Springer, F. H: Clarke. Robert McGlbben.
.t'l Dunn, R. B. Cornell. J. R. Daniels, Her
bert Hauser, J. P. Bowman, George Sullivan,
M W Pratt,* J. H, Horrigan, C. V.' Clough.
W M Cartwright. Fred. Butz. S. F. Hughe?.
George Blrdsall, A. J. Frita, C.^H. Ward. H,
1U Atklneon, O. lfeKde FVBarttett, , H. L.
Clapp I* J. Hammersmith, H. A. Kidder. D.
A White J. W. Finn, J. C. Kindelon, R. F.
MacLedd,' A. Castela26, E. J. ; Owen, A.
Schmitt. J- O'Gara, A. M. Stone. L. • V." Stair,
G J Croat. Guy Ransome, C. Jenkins," C. A.
Kyne. N, C. . Paddock, A. . H. f Melletz, , C. C. ;
Bacon. J. W. Btapleton. H. C. Ramsay, Jameji
Byrne Jr.;. P. H. Brooka,. G.. R.. Lukens, S. J.-
Pembroke. G. W. Bmun, M. V. Lamme, S.-.I.'
Fay. George A. Henaley. T. J. Spills np, J.'W,*,
Mullen, , Walter Gammon, James Bulgen J.'.'D.
Harvey, H. E. Warren and T. A. Dorgan.
I William Oreer Harrison will lead' the
athletes on their pilgrimage. J. Downey
Harvey, "Dick" Tobln, Joe. Grant and
Walter Hobart, members of both clubs,
will pilot the aggregation to the appointed
place.
A card entitling each member to free
transportation to Colma and passage back
from Burlingame Is being by
the secretary. Electric cars leave Post
and Montgomery streets promptly at 8
o'clock, proceeding to Colma without
stopping.. From thence the members will
walk to Burlingame over the Spring Val
ley.road, which leads through a gently
undulating country for a distance of about
sixteen miles. ¦• , ¦ _., .
Upon arriving at the Burlingame Club
house the guests will be treated to lunch
eon, after which they will be entertained
with a game of polo. A private car at
tached to -the 3:45 p. m. train wilt be al
the disDOsal of members to carrv. theni
back to* San Francisco. Among those who
have signified their intention of going ar«
the following: • •
But for the fact 'that 'the Burlingame
Clwb can only accommodate one hundred
grUest3' the Olympic, Club members, would
visit that exclusive organization 500 strong
next Sunday* Nearly every, active mem
ber of the club has expressed his willing
ness to walk from here to Burllngame.
but the entry list has closed.
to San Mateo County Next
/Sunday. \
Large Number of Athletes "Will Walk
OLYMPIANS PKEPARING
TO VISIT BURLING AME
Mr. Snorry came to this coast in. 1851
from Columbia. N. IT.: his native | place.
For five years, he.engaged in mining, and
then . purchased the- Calaveras big ¦ tree
grove -and began developing the place as
a tourist resort.: Ho built, hotels fit Mur
phys and Calaveras and conducted these
and a connectlns stage line until two
years ago. when the now famous sale to
R; B. Whitesldes was effected. The nego
tiations entered Into by Whitesides and
, nently Identified .with the devel
opment of .Calaveras County, died at his
temporary residence at 1308 Madison street
early this morning. ¦
yf-^s. AKLAN'D. Feb. 3.— James I.. Sper
\i )Y ry ' brotlicr of -.Wlllard S. Sperry.
ll Jb the greal flour manufacturer, and
for more than forty y?arB prom I -
A suit to set aside an assignment of his
claim against the' Joseph M. Comerford
'estate was filed by Joseph Howard Com
erford against Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Bridges.
Herman Murphy and Frank E. Perry yes
terday. Young Comerford claims that
while under the Influence of liquor, with
which he says he had been plied by the
Bridges and Perry, he assigned his claJm
upon the estate of his father, worth at
least $2500. to Mrs. Bridges for *700. He
claims also that he received only $200 of
the last named amount, and of that sum
he gave }100 to Perry. He says he Is
ready and willing to return the sum given
him. but that Mr3. Bridges and her hus
! band insist upon holding him to the agree
¦ ment made when h« was Intoxicated and
incapable of attending to business.
Comerford waa left a one-sixteenth in
terest In his father's estate, which he waa
to receive when he became of age. He Is
j a cripple and subject to epileptic fits. Six
months prior to his twenty-first birthday
! he went to live at Perry's boarding-house.
I his mother paying the proprietor JS> a
month for his keep. Comerford now
claims that during the six months that
! he lived with Perry tho latter, with Mr.
and Mrs. Bridges and Herman Murphy,
entered into a conspiracy to rob him of
his inheritance. He alleges that they
plied him with liquor a few days before
his birthday, and that on that date they
' took him to Murphy's office and Induced
{ him to assign his claim to Mrs. Bridges.
Drink and Got Him to Sign
Away Inheritance.
Claims Assignees Plied Him With
The schedule of events to be played by j
the members of the ladies' annex of the :
San Francisco Golf. Club has been posted
up on the bulletin board of the clubhouse.
All events will begin at 9:30 in the morn
ing." On Monday, February 10, there will
be a tournament over, eighteen holes,
match play, between teams to be chosnn
by two captains. On 'Monday, February
17, th& qualifying rounds" over eighteen
holes, medal play, for the Ladies' Council
Cup will be held. On Wednesday, Febru
ary 19, the lirst round at matcn play In
the tournament for the council's cup will
take pliice, and on Friday, February £1,
the semi-final. round in. the. same compe
tition. On Monday, February 24, the final
round for' the council's c;up will be played.
• During the month of March; there will
be three competitions. On March 10 there
will be ladies* foursomes ovfcr eighteen
holes, match play, partners' being chosen
by lot. On. March 24 there will' be a
handicap over eighteen holes, medal play.
On March 31 there will be a driving and
putting contest, the conditions for which
will be posted on the bulletin board. It
is announced that in all competitions,
whether qualifying rounds or other con
tests, partners or competitors will all be
drawn before the 'play* begins. •' ¦-¦¦
>; The. members of -the Ladles' Arihex^are
earnestly requested to take parf in aa
i many competitions as possible. -
Will Engage in Several Contests ".
' in February and March.
Annex of San Francisco Golf Club
After selling the Calaverds grove, Mr.
Fptrry traveled throughout this State and
the East: ''Visiting his boyhood" home for
the first time- in fifty years. He was look
ing for a location for a permanent resi
dence in Oakland when his last illness
overtook him two weeks ago.
Mr. Sperry'n death was unexpected. He
Was apparently in his usual good health
when symptoms of Bright** disease mani
fested thpmsetve*. . Thp.bFSt medical ad
vice was secured, but the trouble reached
an acute stage almost immediately and
f existed every effort of the attending phy
sicians. ¦ • ' • ¦
• Deceased was 71 years of age. He leaves
» widow, a daughter. Miss M. P. Sperry.
and two. sons — \Villard F.' Sperry.'now as
sociated with the Sperry Flour Company,
and James C. Sperry, a recent graduate
from the State University. . .
The remains will be taken to Stockton,
where. the funeral will beheld to-morrow
afternoon and where Interment will be
made. '¦
LADY :• GOLFERS ; ISSUE
SCHEDULE OF EVENTS
his associates with the United Stat£3
Government for the sale of the property,
consequent upon the universal protest
against the destruction of thjs big trees,
ar^- still pending.
COMERFOBD SAYS HE WAS
DEFEAUDED OF LEGACY
ONE OF CALIFORNIA'S EABLT
SETTLERS WHO DIED AT HIS
. OAKLAND HOME YESTERDAY.
/. ? In the meantime the reliance of the commis
sion is on the small educated portion of I the
community, who form a- nucleus about Which
with the aid of American control, we think a
stable government can be erected.
Governor Taft said it will be found, on
investigation, that the surrenders by the
insurgents, of arms and men were far in
excess of the actual captures by the mili
tary. The municipal cudc was not put
into operation, he ,«aid, until after the
Presidential election of the United States
because of the unsettled condition of af
fairs, but as soon as it became known to
the people that'' tae commission had
thought it wise to provide for the election
of Governors, which occurs next month,
the Filipinos flocked to thorn with expres
sions of gratification. lie said that the
theory of the commission in the formation
of civil government is that the indispen
sable aid to the ultimate success of pop
ular g-overnment is the extension of edu
cation, but that the effect of this could not
be felt for a generation— until the children
had grown to manhood. There were, he
said. 10,000 adults engaged in the study ot
Knglish. Continuing, ho said :
The pubordlnate military officers were « littl*
,bit contemptuous of what •¦ we were doing be
cause it fccemed to play so unimportant a part
in the situation, hut when th<? power over the
purse strings began to ttghtep In the rhetter
of appropriations those ¦ gentlemen who were
ependinc the Islands', funds began to appre
ciate that there was some power behind the
commission. ' '
Answering a question by. Lodge, he. de-
Scribed the condition of the Island of
Bamar, where tho people are still in in
surrection, ami eaid he was not prepared
to state that this island was. never wholly
stibjccted to Spanish rule. -He then de
scribed the qualifications required for an
elector in the 'different .towns where the
commission had established governments,
fhene were that such persons, shall speak
and write English or streak 'and write
Spanish, or have filled ft municipal office
under" Spanish nlie or that he shall pay
$15 gold for taxes a year, i-' - - -
Governor Tall then entered upon a gen
eral narrative of .the wont of the com
mirsion. When the commission arrived
at Manila they fowiui the- peopie .divided
into thrpe olas»!=o.«, -those in "favor 'of the
exclusion of American sovereignty alto»
gether; tho SpAnlsh party, in rav'or of this
government; and a large body of ignorant
people, who were entirely indifferent.- :
Governor Tafr. paid that the instructions
to the commission, which gradually estab
lished civil government, had had a mar
velous effect. upon. the. people.' The insur
rection, he said.; :; had 'been most active in
September preceding the. elections in this
country, with the view of influencing
them, and for this reason it had been diffi
cult to bring the Filipinos to a discussion
of legislation which the commission was
enacting. There was doubt as to what the
policy of the United States would be.
Continuing, he said: ."
: WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.-~Gbvernor .Taft
to-day continued his statement before the
Senate Committee on the Philippines re
garding the conditions existing in thosfe
islands.
Ford came upon the two men near the
corner of Fifth and Jefferson streets at
about 2 o'clock. They were lurking along
thfc dark side of the street, each carrying
a bundle. Before the suspects had time
to draw their weapons Ford had them
covered and ordered them to threw up
their hands. "While he was putting th»
handcuffs on Carter's wrists Jones slipped
away and ran to Seventh street. Ho waa
caught at Seventh and Washington
etreets.
At the police station Carter confeasefl
that they had entered Mrs. Sorel's grocerr
and residence at Brush and Seventh
streets and the Venezia Garden on Sev
enth street, between Clay and Jefferson.
From Mrs. Sorel's they took silverware
and from the gardens a bottle of whisky,
a box of cigars and about $7 in nickels
from, the slot machine which they broke
open. .
Carter claims to belong In San Fran
cisco. Jones says he lives in West Berke
ley. The police are Investigating the rec
ords of the two prisoners, who are bath
young men. hoping to connect them with
the numerous recent burglarlps In Berke
ley. When, questioned by Chief Hodgkins
both showed considerable familiarity with
the university town. Carter's confession
completely covers the two burglaries done
here last night. Jones admits that the
police have a straight case against him,
but will say nothing further. Both claim
that this is their first criminal act. ;r:
OAKLAND, Feb. 3.— At the point of a
pistol John Carter, a burglar, suspected
of many crimes, was captured early this
morning by Special Policeman Ford with
plunder from two burglaries committed
last night. Carter's "pal" waa captured
later by Policemen Stahl and Flynn. He
gave the name of Harry Jones, and like
Carter was armed and loaded with spoils
Third — We ask for the removal of this book
from the school, because its retention is calcu
lated to antaganise the general community.
The protest was referred to the High
School Committee, consisting of Direc
tors Button, Isaacs and Knos, who asked
for further time in which to formally
report upon it. It was informally given
out, however, that the use of the book
v.as discontinued after a few readings
last term and was permanently dropped
from the list of prescribed text books.
The book against which the protest -was
aimed is a collection of selected Quota
tions from the Parables, the Psalms and
other portions of the Bible. It was in
troduced into the High School as a part
of the work in literature upon recom
rnendation of Principal James H. Pond.
Since the Board of Education unofficiallv
directed the work to be expunged from
ihe curriculura it has been withdrawn
from sale among the booksellers, Super
intendent McClymonds having notified
ihem that pupils would no longer require
the publication.
Second — Because it Is a» tofrinsemect not
-or.iy of the rights of the Cathqlic pupils attend
ing the Hig* School, but aJso of the rights of
¦these of the Jewish faith, for these latter do
not accept the doctrines therein eet forth.
To rum mv tfcen, \ihat has been said, the
Catholics of this city ol Oakland and vicinity
numbering twenty odd thousand respectfully
£fik your honorabS? board lo order the disuse
•of this book called Bible Rcariir.cs in the Kiph
tk:hools of this city for the following reasons:
First — Because toeing a. Trortc of a sectarian
chcracter the r^adJns of it in a public school
is in violation ol oae of the articles of the con
stitution of this State.
By compelling the Catholic youth to listen
to its r*inE read you indirectly make an as
sault on their faith tnd by doing so yon make
"hem enemies of the eyeteni of education that
you desire to pramot-. while at the same time
you antac.r.iE^ tlie entire comuranity «t larjrt*.
Is this Ti-iEe, is it prudent, is it desirable?
The main body of the protest which fol
lows the forejroing: argrues that the selec
iJoiis contained in the book have doctrin
nl bearings and defines the Catholic po
sition regarding textual interpretation. It
conclude?:
That the liook in .question is of such -t char
scter, tbai U J* sectarian when read without
n< :te or oonuaeat little n<^d be paid, for every
one knows that U is= from the reading thi
Bible without cxr'snation thai all the Chris
tian spcu? novr in ihe world, and they are nu
merous, have originated. I< it not because
men have hMerprttPd the sacred text in differ
ent MM that v.e have so many different
Christian crwds? One " man Interprets the
<livine word In one wnpe, another in a. diller
*:nt, and fo on. This iwing the case, the read
ing of such a volume as "Bible Readings"
mutt be regarded ae sectarian.
The (juf^ti'-a OttSi tfcat iiresents Itsslf to n
5b this; Is the reading of ibe 1'rotestaat ver
sion ol the ScrlptUiis, or of any other version
"whatever that may Ij<». sectarian In tr.e sense
rpr.kpn of by the friunpie of the constitution?
Then follow extract? from the constitu
tion ar.d citations of Supreme Court de
<isi->nf= in support of the foregoins con
tention. Continuing, the protest reads:
As the bo.>k Is of a sectarian character, be
ing mad.^ bd of extrsois collected from the
IV'.'.i £U»nl. or King Jarces, version ol th*
sacral StTtptaaeM, \vp respectfully submit that
iha introduction of suoli a work into the High
iSchooi of thiF burg is= a violation of one at the*
articles ot the vonsUiuticn of the State, wajch
jirohibitF the* ivad'.as; DC ar.ytliing ol p. fpc
tarian nature ir< the common schools of CaU
lurnia.
A protest, drawn up by a committee ap
pointed by Archbishop P. \V. Riordan. of
{5au lYanciseo to represent the Catholics
of Oakland, against the use in the Oak
land # llish School of a text book called
"Blbl? Reading," by Professor Schaffer,
was pre^futed before the Board of Edu
oatio.1 to-night. The protest was signed
by the Rev. il. King, pastor of St. Mary's
Ctmreh; the Rev. J. B. McNally, pastor
of St. Patricks Church, 'and the Rev.
"William Oleeson, pastor of St. Anthony's
Church, the lam named of whom read the
¦document lo the members of the board.
Its content?, in part, are as follows:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Feb. 3.
Says That a Stable Govern
ment Can Be Erected in
. Course of Time.
Robberies.
Officers Believe Prisoners
- Have Been Guilty of Many
Priests File a Formal Docu
ment. Which Is Read
Before Board V^
Governor Tafb Explains
Existing Conditions
in the Islands. «
Objept to Use of Book
Bible Readings in
Oakland School.
Plunder-Laden Men Are
Placed Un.der Arrest
in Oakland. .)
Citizen Who Was Identified With the Early History
of Galaveras County Passes Away After Brief
Illness in Oakland, Where He Had Gone to Live
TELLS OF WORK
IN PHILIPPINES
POLICE CAPTURE
ARMED BURGLARS
CATHOLICS MAKE
STRONG PROTESTS
DEATH CALLS JAMES L. SPERRY,
ONCE OWNER OF BIG TREE GROVE
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY ,4, 1 <> 2.
RETIRING HIGH PRIEST INSTALLS
OFFICERS OF ROYAL ARCH MASONS
San Francisco Ghapter No. I, After Witnessing
Induction of Newly Elected Officials Into Seats,
Partakes of a Banquet and Listens to Speeches
THE DAY^S DEAD.
Edwin J". Lord.
ROME.- Italy, Feb. 3.-* Edwin J. Lord of
San Francisco died here to-day.
Only Reliable Coal Dealers
Sell Tesla Briquettes,, $9 per ton. Best ana
cheapest 1 ruel for kitchen and grate. '.Phone
.South 05 about them: \ , ' — • ;'.
9
HIGH PRIEST OF SAN FRANCISCO
CHAPTER NO. 1, R. A. M., IN
STALLED LAST NIGHT.
GRAPE-HUTS. .
BOY BUILDING.
That Is the Mission of Good Food.
There is an abundance of proof that
food can be selected that •will build up a
brain as well as body.
One case Is that of a boy, and the de-
scription Is given by his mother. She says:
"This particular son has always had a
delicate stomach, and when he was an in-
fant had cholera infantum two or three
seasons in succession. He was exceeding-
ly hard to raise, and was not well enough
to go to school when he became old
enough."
The mother says: "Finally we concluded
to put him on Grape- Nuts exclusively and
see what the food would do for him. We
did, and to our great astonishment our
boy improved daily. He Is now hearty
and getting along in school unusually
well. He still. depends upon Grape-Nuts
for a goodly share of his diet.
"Whenever children are hungry at bed-
time it is always safe to let them eat
<3rape-Nuts and let them go to bed. I
came to know of the value of Grape-Nuts
by using it myself, and found that I was
unusually well nourished and gained rap-
idly in strength.
"Please do not use my name. By the
way. we abandoned coffee in our -family
several years ago, and have always used
Postum since. Would as soon have the
flour barrel empty as be out of Postum."
Name car. be given by Postum Co., Bat-
tle Creek, Mich.
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
Catarrh has become such a common
disease that a person entirely free from
this disgusting complaint is seldom met
with. It is customary to speak of Catarrh
as nothing more serious than a bad cold,
a simple inflammation >of the nose-«nd
throat. It is, in fact, a complicated and
Very dangerous disease ; if not at first, it
very soon becomes so. .
The blood is quickly contaminated by
the foul secretions, and the poison through
the general circulation is carried to all
parts of the system.
Salves, washes and sprays are unsatis-
factory and disappointing, because they do
not reach the seat of the trouble. S. S. S.
does. It cleanses the blood of the poison *
and eliminates from tie system all catar-
rhal secretions, and thus cures thoroughly
and permanently the worst cases.
Mr. T. A. Williams, a leading drr-goods mer-
cbant of Spartanburg, S. C, write* A " For year*
I had a severe case of >flSS!53te*w
nasal Catarrh, with all mi^**^^vK
the disagreeable effects if Y*Tk
which' belong to that B 3JR
disease, and which H — *f^
make life painful and *«!&* *S3
unendurable. I used f^J f$W
.medicines prescribed by \ I j. V4
leading physicians and v5S3>P*v $J
suggested by numbers ¦d&SHaW./l ¦' iV :
of friends, but without Vsv \j£st\. <^3
getting any better. I Jms&S^&^i&kSgL
then began to take S. S. jfe^£0W^mM$2
S. It bad the desired {ggtoif^i&^WWV
effect, and cured me jBBBaSEs-^i^iMa 1 '^
after taking eighteen SSSSJaB™"" "i^Ma *
bottles. In my opinion S. S. S. is the only medi-
cine now in use that will effect a permanent cure
of Catarrh.'*
IgL^ «k^ etable blood purifier
>3k. known, and the great-
fej|lkiB6» est of all blood medi-
If you have Catarrh don't wait until it
becomes deep-seated and chronic, but be-
gin at once the use of S. S. S., and sen*'
for our book on Blood and Skin Diseases
and write our physicians about your casr.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA, GA.
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS ; A ORKAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA- •
tor and -Nervine.
' The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both aexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of toe Kid-
neys and Bladder. Bella on Its own merits.
NABER. .AliFS" A BRUNE, Agents.
823 Market st.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR ME*.
Established 18S1. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET SI.
SAN FRANCISCO. OwTHE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1 902.
10
CARPET- BEATING AND' CLEANING.- ;
WHEN you become disgusted with poor : work a
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer. Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN- Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning, -
, 3c renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. : tel. Capp2542. J
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co!. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop. -
, . • 1
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
. reasonable.' 1703 Harrison tel. Mission 263. "-
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126.; _
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
¦ (
COLLECTION O FFI CE S. - . '
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 916 Market. St.; advice free. . Tel. Bush- Z
194; able body of attorneys. •'
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
/ DENTISTS. ____^
A — DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma C
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason- -
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up; ¦
plates, a full set of . teeth that look natural *
and guaranteed, $5 up. , . ,
• Painless extraction. >'. ¦ ,
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, ! plates, bridges \
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my -
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years
experience; no students; advice free; pricss •
cheapest 'and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. .
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 ¦
¦ up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays, ]
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER.- D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason — -
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators; 1
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDERSON,
D. D. S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break: •
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;fllllngs.50c; j
" plates $5 full set: all work painless and war- <
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth bt.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: cor. Bu?h —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3: fillings, 50c. '
DR.. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st; expert \
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4. j
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. •
DR.R.li WALSH, 815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Paln-
¦ less ext.. 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135. j
¦ DOG HOSPITALS. •
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.' j
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market at.'
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM. ¦
- PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
!
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laoratory and shop, work; thoroughly .
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ; .
catalogue free. . • - ¦
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment; ¦
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for tbe university, law and medical
1 colleges; references, President Jordan or any ;
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ¦ •
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
I following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'FarreU st.
PERFECTION" guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR. expert accountant. 220 Parrott b'dg.
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand; typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.: Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mlning.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day eve. ; est. 1S04. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
¦ Gregg shorthand costs only $60. - San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st I
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. - 39 Fifth st.
LESSONS on pie accordion desired from a
competent teacher. Box 3228. Call office.
C. HOFFMAN, the European pianist, gives
thorough, successful instruction. 1017 Sutter.
PIANO lessons for 35c; first-class teacher
wishes to introduce her method. 3384, Call.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
BPANISH.French, etc. Prof. De.FIHppe'sAcademy
of Languages.320Post;estab'dl871;ablestprofs.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISSM. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTOJJ'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1863: new SO-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short -notice. - Geo..
Klnoshlta. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 850L
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997." BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168: expert, reliable help. ¦¦
JAPANESE arid Chi ne:s best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. -315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE lntelllger.ee Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM • Employment Office — Japanese.Chi-
nese help. 426 PowelI.nr.Sutter;tel. Black 6072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS lady's maid; best of city ref-
ererces; last place 2 years. Apply to J.' F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Slitter st.
A -NEAT, refined American nursegirl. best of
references, wants a place. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. - . • " ¦¦: - ¦ - - • '.¦¦¦• .'
2 SWEDISH cooks; little wash; wages $30;.
phone Main K306. J. F. CROSETT & CO.
16- YEAR-OLD girl wishes light housework;
no washing; $15 a month; good home.: Call
3907 . Twenty- fourth st., corner Sanchez.
A YOUNG girl of 15 wishes a situation to as-
sist in housework. Please apply at 40 Lower
'¦_, Terrace, bet. 16th and 17th sts.. nr.^Ashbury.
LADY of refinement wishes a situation as com-
panion to lady; is a good. dressmaker; refer-
ences exchanged;* good home • desired. Ad-
dress box 3293, Call. . , .
STRONG, reliable woman wishes a situation to
do general housework ;. Oakland or suburbs
preferred. 1730 Pacific st. West Oakland.
BY respectable : woman, work by the day of
any kind. Box 3224, Call.
SITUATION " wanted by two young ladles to
work in store or factory. Apply 1260 How-
ard st. ' ' • •
HOUSEWORK by competent, trustworthy • girl
Just from the East; good disposition; willing
and kind; email family; city or, country; car-
fare. 204 Fifth st. dry goods. . .,
SITUATION wanted— Colored girl as wine girl
or chambermaid. ""Address's. L. A. I P. - O.'
box 84, Oakland. . " . . ,, '
WOMAN would like work by day or take wash-
. Ing home. 139% Fair Oaks st, bet Twenty-
¦¦ second and Twenty-third; down stairs. , .
WANTED — By j first-class cook, j work In res-
taurant, delicatessen or lunch counter. .Call
¦ or address MRS. STINE,- 520 Bush st. ¦ : . •.
POSITION wanted by competent second girl
and waitress; wages $25. - Call 126 Lily ave.,
hear Gough.' ¦ ,"..'-./• '
SITUATION wanted by little girl to assist in
light housework and help with . baby. 50
Hermann st. ; $8 a month. '¦¦¦-.-» '- . ¦- ' ..
A YOUNG girl wishes a- position for- general
houseworft; .small family; . references ex-
changed. Address, 124A' Gilbert st. . ' .
WANTED — Position as housekeeper;- fond 'of
children.- ; Apply box 3385, Call , of flee. V
TO.. help' with family "mending ,or rtpalrlng;
terms reasonable. 'Address S. M.,~ Call branch
639 McAllister st. , ,; v; , " . .
WINCHESTER House." 4t Third st>near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50
to $6 week;, convenient and respectable; free
¦ bus and baggage to and from, ferry..- ' .
. li'osT. ajto Foyyp.^ _
LOST — On Flllmore st. purse containing S30 q
and small change; liberal reward. 233B Pa-
. ciflo ave. .'¦'¦¦ -
LOST— Saturday, breast pin. pearl center; re-
ward. VANDERSLICE & CO.. 136 Sntter. -
LOST — Black Yorkshire terrier; reward. Char-
ter Oak Market. 135 Gough st. —
LOST— Sund3y.~l filigree sliver bracelet; liberal
reward. Cashier. Chronicle office. -
LOST— Saturday, January 11. 1902, certificate -
iNo. 11 of the Gray Wing Mining Co.; trans- I.
"fer of. the same has been stopped. Return to
A Call office, Oakland, and receive reward. —
LOST— White bull terrier, brlndle spot on tall.
T>Return to DR. J. A. WELCH. 1215 Golden -
'''Gate ave.: reward. - ¦
LOST — Between Pacific ave. and Scott st. to -
Clay and Broderick: a lady's diamond ring;
clover design; liberal reward. 205 Front St. _
LOST— Gold ring with 5 diamonds, fob and *
locket; Initials. F. R. /620 Sansome st.; re-
ward. . '
LOST — Japanese spaniel, black and white. Re-
turn to 1801 California St.; reward.
MATTRESSES Aft'P PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol- ~
stery; Al carpe? cleaning; honest yofk guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
LADIES— All who are sick or in trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken; the most obstinate _
cases have been relieved by my medical treat- , _
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature: all classes of female
complaints treated; r«iief to the longest c»=es;
all private diseases In both sex treated; blood
diseases cured. 10 to SO days. DR. G. W.
O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st. QPP. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, midwifery cases; takes ladies -
before and during confinement; best care:
- confinement $15: rm., board. $5 wk.; infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
resld.. 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist:
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement; _
¦ Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. • near Taylor, j
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'FarreU st.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement 112 Mason st. .formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES -
at the old 'office. 122S Market st. ; 30 years' I
experience in gbstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years" successful experienca in S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market st. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original ~j
method of treatment; maternity home; homo
In confinement. 1126 Market st., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during .
confinement; best medical care: low fees. _
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st. opposite J
. Union square: all diseases cured by herba.
MINES AJTO MIXING.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.. S. -
F.: branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902. j
] BIINIKG AND ASSAYING.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak. Consoli-
dated Gold Minlnj Company, situated In Ne- .
vada County, 15 miles north of Auburn; 2 (
patented claims, 8-stamp quarts mill, dlttfh
and hoisting works: reasons for selling, non-
experience of mining by owners: mine open .
¦ for Inspection. ¦ Further particulars " from A. 3
ME1STER. Sacramento. Cal.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE. 3
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me- I
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en- :
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st •
RUNTS, singles and pairs, five-pair lots cheap;
also 150 mated homers and two dozen com- •
mons. Address box 2-tOl. Call office. Oakland. !
BAR fixtures: big stock; Installments; billiard |
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The '.
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., 632 Mission.
SOME nearly paid up Tontine Savings Assocta-
¦ tlon contracts. Address Tontine, box 3225,
Call office. •
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330. Kearny St., near Pine •
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery Bt ¦
2ND-HAND boilers, engines, mach'y. pipe,
hose & belting. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
A NEW barytone silver horn, $12- HARRIS' :
Loan Offlse. 105 Stockton st.
6000 TO 10.000 feet of 3, 3& and 4 inch pipe. 1
108 Vallejo st
A NEW 6-H. P. motor (complete) cheap. 400 !
Battery st.
OFFICE furniture and fixtures, new, for sale
at bargain., Rm. 61, Flood big., bet. 0 & 10.
COUNTER, showcases and scales ' for sale .
cheap. 216 McAllister st. ___^ <
FRESH Jersey cow. second calf. Brazil ave. ,
and 323 Munich st.. five miles Mission car.
INCUBATORS for sale; 3 Petalumas, cheapl .
Inquire. C. M. BLACK, 682 Clementina st.
THOROUGHBRED Scotch pups. 1167 Stan-
yan st. | >
Wall paper 3c. worth 10c; paper-hanging, paint- ,
ing. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont'gy.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 30S Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizas, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Second-hand lathe, in good order,
with chuck, face plate and tools. Address,
stating price. . JAMES McCLATCHY CO.,
' CO.. Sacramento, Cal. ' ' ,." :
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton st; phone Bush 484.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical gooda. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 285L
MOAJbi x' . TO LOA>.
¦ ........ $4,500,000 at lowest rates
....;. on first and second mortgages
..„ Life Interests In estates
Property being held In trust
.... Undivided interests in real estate ....
...Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
' ..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..'
.It You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY." 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.),
$300,000 at 5% & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country propert>:
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will- pur-
chase above' securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
' Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
3 Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
,. ........ R. McCOLGAN.
• - 24 Montgomery st. room 3 ; .
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and ' third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest *ln estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on furniture", piano
or household goods, without removal; confi-
dential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st, op-
poslte Lick. House. - ¦ ' - •- '
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st; Dhone Red 1C0C.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84<S
Market st. ; tel. Main lftM. Branch 19 Thlr-1.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount!
lowest rates. BECKER, 927 Market, room 613.
ON: furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 6S.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party: no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
; HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal- no
commia. ;confldential. Whltehead.1710 Market.
ONR per > cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery it. c 1»
HELP WANTED— FEMALE~Con.
?25 TO $35 per week; five ladles and three
gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no experience
• necessary. Caldwell College of Oratory and
Acting. \ Hoovery Hall, 1327 Market at . .
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' ¦ under-
skirts; steam power. A. AARON, 579 Mis-
sion st- ' , .>,¦:-..-.<. . '¦ •¦ '" .
GIRLS wishing to marry write or call on MRS.
HERTZ, 706 Ellis st; no charges. -;.*>
WANTED-i-Flrst-class millinery maker. Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. . m.' at HALE BROS.
A GERMAN woman as . governess; state re-,
Hglon: salary y30. Box 2994. Call.-- .":
.. HELP >VANTEP — MALE. .
A— MURRAY & READY.... 634-636 Clay st
: Phone Main 584S .............
' ..'..'.; Leading Employment; Agents ....;.
Open from 7 a. m
Furnaceman • for ' mine, $75; 5 pruners,. or-
chard, $30; buggy washer, country stable,
$30 and found; 2 teamsters; 5 farm hands; S
choreboys and choremen: 3 slack coopers,
near city,' $35 'and found... ......"
Old man to help on wagon.' city, $10 and fd.
.......' WOODCHOPPERS
.CHEAPFARES. SHIP TO-DAY.
90 more woodchoppers to chop virgin timber
on level ground; new camp...
Prices :
. ..t Redwood, 80c per cord
Pine, $1 25 per cord
' . ...;.... . Hardwood. $1 50 per cord ,
......Stovewood, $1 75 and $2 a cord......
Ties, 10c to 18c each
Second cook, $45 and found; 8 cooks, $30 and
found; night cook, $30 and found; 2 waiters.
$9 a week; 4 waiters; 10 kitchen hands, and
.others.^ MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
: GARDENER, $35 and found; poultryman and
wife, $50 and found; farmer and wife,
i $40 and found; farmer, $25 and found; buggy
washer, $60; boy for milk depot, $20 ana
found; slack work cooper, $35 and found;
, choreman, $15 and found; restaurant porter,
$25 to $30; waiter and bedmaker. $25; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., C28 Sacra-
•mento st. '
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay St.
Piano player and sing, for four hours even-
ings, country..'.. $60
, Cheese-maker and milk. ...... .U $35
Dishwasher, country hotel $20
Farmer & wife, Santa Clara CoVnty $40
Driver for- milk wagon. ..'. $30
Redwood tie and post makers.
Man about - place .' $20
EASY chance to make money; the best propo-
sition on the market; $2 to $10 easily earned
dally; no experience necessary; be your own
boss and start business on a capital of from
"60c to $20; come and see for yourself 'the
easy_sellers I have. - New York Novelty Co.,
room 1, 993 Market st. - ' . - . -
OFFICE boy wanted by, long established busl-
.ness house; must reside with parents; wages
moderate to commence; good chance for fu-
• ture advancement. .Box 3223, Call office.
WANTED — A steady man with $150 for plain
business; will pay $70 per month; duties
easily learned. 765 Market st, room 3.
WANTED — Experienced man to run electrical
lever elevator. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.' ¦
BUSHELMAN and presser at the California
Clothing Renovatory, 287 O'Farrell St.;
. steady position.
$100 WILL buy 2-chalr barber shop; rent paid
to February 25. 1055 .Market st
STEADY man with $150 cash can make $100
month. Apply 209 Kearny St., room 1.
COATMAKERS; also bushelmen. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market st
DISHWASHER wanted at 1506 Kentucky st,
Reldy Hotel.'
BLACKSMITH'S helper wanted. 437 Fran-
clsco st
GOOD cake foreman. 911% Larkin st
AGENTS on salary and com. Manhattan Stock
and Poultry Food Co., 1253 Folsom st.
WANTED — A good pianist 911 Kearny st.
FOR SALE — Two chair barber shop; best pay-
Ing shop in Vallejo, Cal. ; only reason for sell-
Ing, other business; best chance in the State.
Inquire Call office.
3-CH AIR barber shop for sale; splendid loca-
tion; good reasons" for selling. 1344 Turk st.
WANTED — A gentleman of good address and
well acquainted In this city; one who can
command business; a fine opportunity to the
right party. Box 3371, Call office.
$250 — WANTED, man with this amount; tend
cash counter; $50 month and board: no exper-
ience necessary. ' BROWN. 1221 Market St.
$175— RESTAURANT: part cash; cheap rent;
living rms. ; clears $60 mo. Brown, 1221 Mkt
ATTENTION— Ex- vol. soldiers, for extra pay
apply at 630 Market at. O. E. HOWE. '
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' -rf.-r*
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
.. S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 f/iet 1
- Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED — A competent, qualified shoe trav-
. eler for Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be "familiar with the above ter-
ritory: state salary and where employed.
Box 2279. Call office. :.
WANTED— Soldiers who enlisted in U. S. Vols.
to apply for two months' extra pay, due un-
der a decision of the U. S. Court of Claims.
CHAS. and WM. B. KING,
¦ ¦ ¦ 344 Phelan building.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles. «Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools' donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
. LEGE. 635 Clay St.
EXTRA pay now due-U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension- atty., 624 Market
600 MEN to buy new and 2,1-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. Sth.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. , S.\ F. Barber College, 741 A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. feullls, 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H.^Thomas Post. G.A.R,
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
__the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
. CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH Office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1096
. Valencia st. • ': - _ •.
HORSES AND WAGOSS.
JUST arrived — 72 head "well broke, horses;
weight from 1150 to "1500 lbs.; suitable for
I laundry, express, milk or bakery wagons.
Santa Clara Milk Co., 721 Howard St.
¦ A LOT - of - horses for " sale at Arcade Horse
; Market, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons
harness, etc. : auction sales every Wednesday
, \ at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
; SANTA. -ROSA sale and stock yard: horses.
; " harness and buggies bought and sold. 1499
L Market st, cor. Eleventh. Phone South 864.
HORSE, cart and harness, $40; buggy, ,$20;
; wagon. $30; big horse. $5flL 79 City Hall ave.
THREE gray mares.' 1400 and 1600 lbs. 274
; Dore'st. ,<-- ' . , *
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL,. 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
I camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
, NO. 1 . express wagon for sale cheap for the
g want of use. ,2513 Sutter st.
DRUMMERS' sample glovea for I sale at HEI-
ifj NEMAN'S, 109 Sansome st '-.•'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
¦ .: .. .. / • . HOUSES : TO ;¦- LET.
- A — PRINTED list houses to. let; send for clr-
cular. G. H..UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
• .'- HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
I SACRAMENTO, ¦"3712— Nicely furnished sunny
house of S rooms; bath. .Call 10 to 12 a. m. ¦
'. SHOTWELL, llli-r-6. or. 6 roqms; hot air heat-
. . er; piano. Call after 4 p.m. to 6 p, m. •
> »^ — »—^— — — ¦ — —^ m^ m
; : ¦ ¦-- ;.~t ¦'¦ /-, HOUSES :¦: FOR - SAUD.-v.?y. :
f Nri W > modern • house, ; 7 : rooms ; ¦- sun all . day ;
* ¦ large ¦ basement ' yard. , Portola, i off Waller,
*¦ ' bet. Pierce and Steiner. ' Inquire 63 Portola.
' 1 HYG1E ? fIC HAIR. TREATMENT.
LADIES I and - gentlemen,.- this I Interests ) you
. . Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
r . by applying to MR. ; and MRS* HARTLAND,
¦ room 39." 139 Post 'st.'jLlebes- building.
I JarATRIMONIAL.
y GENTLEMEN % wishing to marry wealthy
.: ladles send 10c Xor list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
' EMPLOYMENT - WAISTED— .WALK. ; f.
AA— YOUNG I man, mastering four languages, $
I proficient correspondent, extensively traveled,
United States, Europe, Central America, de-
slrea employment. .Box 3230. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants employment wheie 1
. work Is not heavy; some experience minding
Invalids. Box 3295. Call office.
MAN familiar ..with the city j will drive and <
. care for one or two horses. Box 2292. Call.
YOUNG ' man wants situation in soda-water. £
works; have some experience. Box 3226. Call.
CYLINDER press feeder ; experienced. Address -
¦ P-- B.,- Winchester Hotel," Third sir., city.
GARDENER with 10 years' experience in all
branches in East, 2 years in California, „
wishes position - on nrlvate place, city or
country. ¦_: Box 32O3.Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as watch-
man or any other light work in city or coun-
'2i small wages; has good references. Box
3202, Call office. ¦ „ ¦ . ' ¦
WANTED— Situation as meat • cutter. Apply
292G Buah st. ;
COACHMAN wants situation in private fam-
-lly; first class city and suburban references.'
H. RICHENS. 214 Third st. •
POSITION wanted by an engineer and ma-
chinist with 20 years' : experience; . nothing
less than $4 50 per day considered; have had
experience light, accurate tool-making,, heavy
engine work, ice and mining machinery and
handling men. Address box 3892. Call office.
YOUNG man of 22 years, 7 months from Swe- ,
, den, with good morals, wants situation; will
gladly accept any kind of work. Please call
at 350 Fremont st. corner Harrison. ...
MALE professional nurse; Al references; be- <
longs to K. P.' and Red Men; can take care
of any case. Address JOHN NEWMAN. 363
Mission Et.
RELIABLE and sober young man wants posi-
tion as collector, clerk or assistant; city or
country: references given. Box 3465. Call.
POSITION as bookkeeper, office work or sales-
man In a wholesale or retail house; can give
best of references. Box 3355, Call office. ¦ •"
BAKER, young German 2 years' experience,
wants position. Box 3391, Call. . .
SITUATION as butler: first-class man; under-
stands banquets.' • Box 3351, Call office.
TOUNG Japanese boy wants situation as school
boy. Address DPI, 423 Stevenson st
A BRANCH- office for Call advertisements and 3
subscriptions has been established at 1096
¦ Valencia st.
. / EXCHANGE. _ „„„„,
LOCOMOBILE worth $050 to ' exchange for •
¦ flret-claas carpenter work. Box 3222. Call. <
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran- :
teed and financed; • stock taken In payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO. U. S. licensed I
stock brokers, 328 Post st.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — "We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of :
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9, Parrott bldg..
_^^^^^ PLATS TO' LET.' • "
A— ELEGANT, new, sun every room, hand- I
some tiling, nickel plated open plumbing. 2
gas grates, facing Golden Gate Park, marine -
view, social, dance room, 5 and 6 rooms ; (
take Geary, McAllister or Sutro cars; 753
.to 765 Sixth ave.. near Fulton st. A. M.
SPECK & CO:, 667 Market at .
A — SUNNY new fiats and houses, 5 to 8 rooms,
porcelain baths; low rent. 507 to 525 Fred-
erlck St.. near Stanyan. > \
€S CENTRAL ave., nr. Haight— 8unny up-to- ,
date middle flat,, 7 rms., porcelain bath; foO.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
lfi pages. In wrapper for mailing. SI per year.
FLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.
FLAT 0 rooms and bath. Western Addition;
rent $20; carpets and part of furniture for
sale. Box 3220, Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ,
4 ROOMS furnished~ln oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. »
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 135*.
GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the wo. id;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Man and wife as waiter and. waitress, coun-
try hotel, $45; 2 waitresses, mining town,
$20; 2 waitresses, new hotel, city; . choice
place, $20; 30 waitresses, city and country,
$20 to $25; 4 more fancy lroners. Southern
, . California, $30 and found and paid for over-
time, rate fare; fancy ironer, south, $30 and
found, rate fare; chambermaids, first-class
hotel, $20, free fare- chambermaid, country
hotel, fare paid. $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
1 Housekeeper for widower and child, $20, see
party here; woman .with a child for house-
work, short distance, .$15; cooks, housegirls,
nurseglrls, best of wages.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
1 WANTED — Refined second girl and mending,
;! North of Ireland or Scotch preferred, $25;
< cook, German style, $30; 7 second girls, $20-
$25; housework, Fresno, $25; housekeeper,
$20; • restaurant waitress, ' $8; • waitress,
institution, $20; waitress, delicatessen $20;
board and room; housework, San Rafael, $30;
. German nurse $20; French second girl, $25;
1 woman and child, country, $15; 4 chamber-
maids wajt one meal, $20; housework 4 In
family, Sausillto, $25; 50 girls for all kinds
of housework; call early; good wages. J. F.
'. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
HAIRDRESSING TAUGHT from A to Z in 2
weeks; -course, $5, including manicuring,
; massage, weaving, ventilating, switch . and
wig making; positions guaranteed: no false
! promises; our pupils are our living advertise-
ment." filling positions and in business for
themselves all over the city; day and eve
, classes. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE,
233 Geary st, rooms 13-15. -
; WANTED— German or Swedish girl;, must be
good cook. and housekeeper; come well rec-
" • ommended; for small family; good wages.
', 1301 Page st. corner Lyon. ~h
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants;
steady work. . 156 New Montgomery st,
1 room 10. ..¦¦¦'.
- WANTED — A young girl for housework: family
3; no children; wages $15; references. Call
bet. 10 and. 12, 56 Pierce st.
t APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO & ¦ HARRIS CO., 541
* '¦ Market st. ¦ ' ¦ ' ¦
* PRESSER wanted on shirts at Greenebaum,
! Well & Michel's factory, 531 Mission st.
1 GIRL wanted for housework at 539 Bruno
ave., near Eighteenth st. .
' WANTED— Waitress or girl to learn 'to wait
.on table; small restaurant; wages. 52 8th st.
\ GIRL. 14 or 15 to help; family 3 adults. Call
\ -at 9'tt. Steiner st^ '"¦¦.. ¦ ¦
" WANTED — Experienced finisher on coats. 344
'; . Tehama st. : _
T WOMAN to cook for six; plain cooking; steady
j ,.'- place. ' 47 Steuart st. ¦ . .
WANTED — A girl to assist In housework and
Z cooking; wages $15. 862 Haight st, after
p 9 a. m. ¦¦¦-"¦:,•;¦•;•
¦ APPRENTICE girls wanted on custom coats;
paid while learning. Apply 1020B Folsom st.
- WANTED — A good waist and skirt hand. Room
- 60, Murphy building. ; ¦ " ¦¦¦¦¦ ." .
- GIRL for, housekeeping, cooking, light wash-
o Ing; no window cleaning. .1303 Octavla st.
I. GIRL to do general .housework In a bakery;
- .wages ?20. 911% Larkin st -
'* ..— — — -9 — : — — r «~
0 OPERATORS at Levi Strauss & Co.' s Overall
a Factory. 32}i Fremont St.; no experience
_ ¦- necessary; good pay; steady work. Apply
rl -:to;MR. DAVIS. '
g muzz
' TWO assistants, inexperienced preferred.' 1 Hoo-
r l ver University Physical Culture. 1327 Market.
*•', GIRL: for upstairs' work and assist with baby,
2.' '.'-- $15. '2520 Green st.. near Scott' ¦:.¦:*. ¦'/.
l " GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
'" V Ing In small family. '1444 O'Farrell st.;,
- WANTED— Improvers and apprentices at dress-
j] making; paid while learning. 330 O'Farrell:
GIRL - for i shooting gallery. • Inquire 523 Pa-
~ cine 3t. ,-¦-¦•. ¦ -^ ¦ .-;-¦ , - ; . • .:• - ¦ ':> . :
•. WANTED— Operators on woman's muslin un-
derwear; experienced only; steady work; elec-
_" ; trio power; good pay., MARKS BROS., 1212
iU Market st. . ¦ . - ; -.,;•¦: -¦ --.¦•.¦ ¦¦"
_" WOMAN as housekeeper; respectable ¦ family of
v j .2; terminus Ingleslde- road; "Mission car. '.-.
'"- WANTED— Middle-aged ¦' woman, willing to"
_ • work;, must be good In house. 243 Fifthst.
'*. ENTERPRISING woman wanted by -reliable
_. ¦ firm ; , references required. -'. Box 3374. Call, j
s ' FINISHERS on pants,: also apprentices; steady
' .work, good pay. 407 Turk st -' ¦¦ v
7 WANTED— First-class • experienced . millinery
•0 trimmer: ;¦ Apply, at HALE BROS.' :• ~
* APPRENTICE in millinery store at 692 Mc-
Alllster st; first-class teaching. . . .1 . .
MO1EV TO LOA5— Cowtinne J.
CASH loaned to salaried Pfopl|. "PJ 1 " 1 * Ti2L° Ut
lndoraer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and Pjan°s: $15 up; no re.
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 8*. « Eddy.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.^ Pr'vata
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
O Miari., jj v plan: indorsed paper dls-
cou^ed. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture. Pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you jgoney to
buy It. A. E. RUPELL. 222 Sans<»a« St.
ON salaries without lndorser; o«»er P™ 1 "??!."
tlona. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTRiraiEXTS.
AL£TmakesTrenT$2 up, credited II purchased:
' installments $3 up; old pianos bousnt and
exchanged; bargains $25 up in Stelnway.
Heine. Chlckering, etc; agents wanted for
Kwll Heine. Hallet & Davis and 20 other
¦ makes: we give full cash discount if you can
pay $25 down and $10 a month; some new
pianos for $137. I1EIME PIANO CO.. 217
Geary st. '
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3 $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN CLAY*& CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth at. Oakland.
SOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos. • -
SPEILMANN Pianos. * ¦
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post st.
NO matter what you may b« In need of In, tha
¦way of a musical Instrument, wa have. It and
will sell at a very low price. You can buy
on payments If you desire. New and second-
hand pianos. Simplex piano players. Olym-
Dia music boxes, Graphophones, Phonographs,
Gramophones, in all styles. THE ZENO
' MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ATTENTION BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 «Pt
Second-hand organs from $23 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ CURTAZ A
SON 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng. Mason
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
EVERETT, Hardman, Ludwlg. Conover. Pack-
ard Howard, Klngsbury. Straube. Jewett.
Cable Steck. Smith and Barnes. These ar»
the popular pianos of the day. For «ale only
by THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931-933
Market st. ¦
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlxn*
withlr. 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
prlca- costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. SO O'Farrell
st; established 1S50.
W A* FINE large upright $130; a beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron: piano, mahogany case.
In use only a few months. $275; new pianos
to rent $3 50; squares. $1 50 and $2: Beck-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS A
SON, 23 Sth st. agts for Ivers & Pond pianos.
A FIRM'S failure to realize Immediate cash
have stored with us for advances lot of strict-
ly high-grade new pianos; now for sale at any a
reasonable offer to raise money; they must
go- easy payments; other storage uprights $-M>
up! WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st
OUR pianos the leading makers: price $100 up-
ward; values best in the city. , PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
MUST sell before Wed.; elegant $550 upright
piano for aJmoat one-third cost. 535 EUls at.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice full-sized
modern upright piano. 433 Golden Gate ave.
NEW cabinet grand piano; taken for debt; will
sell at a great sacrifice. 108 Oak St.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand, $75 up:
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House. 1729 Miasn.
STILL renting new pianos. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. B60 Hayes st
$175 — A RARE chance; fine upright SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
feLEGANT new upright Shumann & Sons for
sale cheap. 847 Haight st ¦
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Lathan Place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St., near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore tt
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
"Valencia st.
OIL.
OIL tanfcs second hand. In good order: all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
OFFICES AXD) STORES . TO LET.
EMMA Spreckels building. 927 Market st. — Of-
fices with modern conveniences, $13 to $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
STORE and yard. 1050 Howard: suitable for a
grocery or restaurant: rent $25.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order. ¦<
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room — "Winchester
•Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by- using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office. 1021 Market at. near Sixth,
DO you write ads? Send address to-day oa
your business 'stationery for Invaluable In- -
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus.
Ohio.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BEHMAN, 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each:
same as white shirts: selection 300 patterns.
SHAMPOOING in 10 minutes, warm air, prlca
50c; halrdresslng. any style, 23c; switches.
wlg3. Q. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
10.000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 238 Sixth -t. room
11; call after 7 d. m.'
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
A — IF your hair la falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr. &Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
. ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
. hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
[ SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric needle. MlssC. Dudley. 1702 Market.
" ACTINA for sale by the A'Vtda Company, 7«3
. Valencia st. corner Nineteenth.
• Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion:
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
• SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
• electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
. SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
¦ electric needla. MME. BOLINQ. 407B Hyde.
' ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
• Instantly; 10c and 25c All druggists.
. Mrs. Briggs^ — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
: by electric needle. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
• SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
• MRS. ALLD3 M. NUNN, 1002% Dolores St.
- ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
• & moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 421 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
. country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
" Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
l cal costumer. 2C O'Farrell: country orders.
• TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
I Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
. DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
- the best corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
: DECORATORS.
<j Rooms papered $3 up; whitening & tinting~done'
0 Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel. Red 3521.
- Papering room. $3 up: painting, whitening rea-
" sonble. Painter. 502 Stanyan: tel. Park 13.
PALMISTRY.
r ~~«~~W— ~~~ ~~~~~— r-.-o^^-^.
G. Li Neergaard. president St. Germain Col-
lege. reads 1 to 4. 700 Poat; phone Hyde 29.T5.
n H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
t Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 861.
L FH YSICIAXS JAXD SURGEONS.
" ABSOLUTELY FR^*~^6^SULTa'tION^Ti
.' diseases of men and women treated success-
" FnRDPvVJf'L™^ 111 " myself. DR.
y FORDEN. No. b Turk st..* corner Mason.
>• A T^n^fl\'S T^ V F R ' lady P h - v stcian and
- surgeon.. at 1122 Market st: hours- 10 to 8.
!¦ DR ,V>?i i C « 0 ", DONNE " L - Offlc « and r-sidence.
,. 1021% Market st.. bet Sixth and Seventh.
- DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human bedy: se»
- testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason.nr. Ellis.
1 PLAXIXG ASP TCIMLfG SULLsT""*
h WOOD and Ivory turning, planln*. shaping
, and sawla*. CARL F. HAAS. »5 Fremoak
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco J
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until J2 o'clock every night in tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES — D27 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 3:30 p. m.
SO" Hayes street; open until 0:30 p. m.
¦ 0.T9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
."15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
_ 1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2201 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ontil 9 p. m.
1OG Eleventh street: open until O p. m. t
1096 Valencia street-, open until 9 p. m-
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken- .
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 0 p. m. _
""" "~ i
UEETIXR NOTICES. __
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING. Feb 4 at 7:30 o'clock. Stated /LJ\
tnectlng and R. A. degree. By order ' i
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
GOLDEN GATE Lodse No. 30. F. and *
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (TCES-^t
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 7v#\
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary- ' r
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. & A. M-. ¦ -
121 Eddy st— Stated meeting THIS^J%^ J
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. P*J\
GEORGE PEyLINGTON. Sec. /^T>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. I<M. F. a^d I A. •
M. Stated meeting THIii (TUESDAY)
EVENING at 8 o'clock. 1\J\
A. S. HUSBARD. Secretary. '^\
PARKER Lodge No. 124, I. O. p j^&pBfefc.
F. — Regular meeting THIS
(TUESDAT) EVENING; Inltla- -^^J5^=J-
tory degree. JAOOB SOX. *¦ G- -
PAST Grand Association. I. O. O.
F.— Members will assemble in
Eureka Hall. I. O. OF. buUd-
Ine TO-MORROW (WEDNES- y// " 4
DAT1 EVENING, at S o'clock, to nay a fra-
« ternal visit to Oriental Kebekai Lodee I^o.
• 90 F. L. TURPIN, President
W. T. WEBB. Secretary. p
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association
funerfi" detail— The following delegation .
Trcm Evie Jacobs to Mark Kriste will as-
wnble st their hall. 603 Front St.. WEDNES-
DAY at 9 o'clock a. rn. to attend the funeral
of cur late brother ANDREW w. LANGE.
Fines for non-attendance will be strictly en-
forced. By order. Pres , denU
HUGH McKEVITT. Rec. Sec.
INTERNATIONAL Union Steam Engineers.
Local No. 59 — Members are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother AN- .
DREW W LANGE, from his late residence. t
. 1S4 Buss st. r g WR . SHIp ; pre8ldent
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Matson Navi-
ra t ion Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market Ft. In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
THURSDAY, the 13th day of February. 1802.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. t for the pur- ¦
pote of electing a boerd of directors to serve ;
for the ensuing year and for the transaction.
of such other business as may come before-
the meeting. GEO. A. DOUGLASS. Sec
THE annual meeting of the stockholders cf the
Fierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company. No.
229 Crocker building, city and county of.
Sao Francisco. State of California, on MON-
DAT, the lOth day of February. 1902. at th»
hour cf 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of rach other business as
may come before said meeting.
S. M. RICKEY. Secretary.
Dated January 27. 1902.
AGB.TTS WA.VTED.
WANTED— Experienced lady canvassers to ad-
vertise a food product; traveling work; salary
end expense*; only those having had ex-
perience need apply. Box 3221. Call office.
~ ASTROLOGY-
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted; readings
by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor et
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers draws; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's: call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;quick;qutet;
no charg* without success; established 16 yrs.
Opt-n evenings byappointment;phoneJohn3181.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
• attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale: partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston. 819 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES ~~
WITH a capital of $5000 an agency for elec-
tric automobiles can be obtained. Address
109 Eansome 6t
BOOKS — SEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $3000 ;DRY goods and notions store; best
location; stock will invoice the price; sickness
compeis owner to leave the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^a Kearny St.
A— «600; HALF-INTEREST in one of the best
down town saloons; rent $50; a good paying
business and rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st.
A — $1000; PARTNER wanted In manufactur-
lng business to attend office. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26*4 Kearny et.
A — $750; SALOON establ. years; close to Kear-
ny and Bush sts. Call R. G. WILKE. 26&
Kearny st.
A — $450; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth st.; rent $25; dally receipts about
525: owner to leave for Nevada. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26 >4 Kearny st.
A— $300; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 Uv-
lng rooms; best location in the Mission; rare
chance. See R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A — $1300; BAKERY on leading business street
in Western Addition; established 12 years;
fine living rooms; most store trade; baking
about 2>£ barrels per day. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Ktarny st.
— $600; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters; a business clearing at least $200
>er month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $700; RESTAURANT and chop house; kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 per
month; located in and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial -iven
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. " "
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at Invoice; location can't be beat
Call R. G. »WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant- es-
tablished years; fiiet-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain: call
TOon. R. Q. WILKE. 26«4 Kearny st.
RYAN & O'ROURKE. 819 Market.Tel.Mint 865
Room 31
40 saloons^ $225 to $5000
SO restaurants. $150 to C000
30 cigar stands. $150 to 3000
T>0 candy, delicacy, notion, bakeries.
5 partnerships, $100 to 1500
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy ft., rooms IS and 19.
Hotels, ' roetaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches oil lands, leases
Money to loan on any of the above.
$8500 — AN opportunity for the right party;
-.half interest in a manufacturing plant, in-
cluding half interest in the realty, which Is
located in the manufacturing district.
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st
FOR rent— A newly-built modern hotel in
Northern California; contains 52 commodi-
ous sleeping rooms, large dining-room and
kitchen, with complete outfits; nret-class bar-
room in connection: a splendid opportunity
for an experienced hotel man. For further
particulars address CARL BAUMANN
Winthrop postoffic-e, Shasta County, Cal.
FOR sale — Machine shop and foundry In min-
ing district: well established'; capacity needs
in creating; good reason for selling. Box 3219
Call office.
PARTNER, S:00: capital doubled monthly:
man acquainted with racing preferred; no
gambling; cash bus. 14 Flood bldg., 9 to 3.
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2. 50 to $0
dally. Ask <:. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott bldg.
IFOR sa!c— 500; cigar stand at 140 Third st.
IF you want to buy a business or tell go to
DECKER, 621 Market ct.
J20O— PARTNER wanted; good chance for
Z-ovng man. 25 Geary «t.. room 4.
On; "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion is tbe Kafest and most profitable ever
d*v!»?d; average monthly profits over 80 per
•«-•!•¦ •' free. N. S. HAND & CO..
Kxj .tandlcappers. 113 Stockton st.
OR* K fVC— A long 'established and suc-
o»*» >ir» Minting business for sale. Ap-
T»y «^ 1 ... and 136. Murphy building.
TEN pcr^ ajiiAl $25, play successful sys-
ttm. Ideal r.tatlon Bureau. 320 C'Fari*H.
SZMtt WILL s«i . » for an active man. the best
business openn in the city; established.
Box 3373. Call office. .
$3S0— BARGAIN: good downtown lunch house;
well established. Owner, box 3387.. Call.." -
$000 — FOR tale: the Palace Restaurant. Val-
leia. Cal.; treat chance. P.O.^box 275. Vallejo.
BUSINESS CHAXCES— Continued.
JOSEPH STRAUB, _ ' , '
8D0 Market st. cor. Stockton,
Telephone Grant 1*7-
Real Estate Atent. . .
Property bought and sold.
Rents collected. . l=f .j
. ¦ . 9 Loans negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent
Do you want to sell your business or do you
want a partner for legitimate business call on
above address^ -
CLASSIFIED advertisements ond subscriptions
received at Call itmnch "'ilw. agoii^Flllrnor^
LOUGIAGiHa^E^FOJI^SAJ^E^^
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE.
'.'.'.'.'.'.' Any" House Sold .on Payments
Call and Get Our Large List
...We Have Houses in All Parts of , City...
7 rooms: bargain; easy terms foW
08 rooms; corner: clears $400 ..•. oMO
17 r»oms: clears $75; only -™
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $60 4p"
10 rooms; swell: -bargain -• » ( J*J
13 rooms: very good: rent .$50 i^,' uU
A H RETSLOFF & CO.: phone John 531.
906 Market st.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
Ill Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 71'J Market .St.. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
lne-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
FIVE SAMPLE HOUSES.
A 12 r.; N. of Mkt; rent $30: clears $35. $300
50 r.: corner; rent $100; clears $150 mo...2S00
15 r.; N. of Mkt.: rent $05: clears $60... 1200
32 r. : rent $76: cor.; N. Mkt.: clears fSO mo.
23 r.; rent $40; Income SljO SOO
FOR sale only by H. C. DECKER.
10 rooms; Golden Gate ave.; only ?650
14 rooms; Stevenson st 500
' 24 rooms: Market st 1600
16 rooms: near Market; rent $50 11 9?
20 rooms; Turk St.; transient 110U
12 rooms; very fine •] 400
M rooms; rent only $3<r J5O
24 rooms; Geary st l'5O
MANY OTHER BARGAINS.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 • Market st.
A — McDANIEL. SKIRM & CO.. _
! 993 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Minr-2S11.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
Any house on our books on monthly payments.
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $90; Al
location: on Market st.; only $1700. ¦'¦:;¦
23 rooms; elegant ctfrner on Ueary; select
roomers only; modern building; must sell
Select list cf lodging-houses. Call before
buying. -. ¦
A. CAMERON fc CO..
850 Market st. and S Stockton 6t.
Rooms 21-32-23; phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us. Buyers call.- We
can suit you; clear title guaranteed; lodg-
ing and flat houses from 5 to 108 rooms,
prices from $225 to $12,000; boardlng-houseo
from 8 to SS rooms, -prices $S50 to $9000;
money loaned. 1^ per cent.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
$50 Market st....{lDC.) Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels.
j business chances and real estate.
. We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
. New houses to lease.
100 ROOMS; central: good paying house.. $6000
12 rooms; north Market: rent $35 275
14 rooms; Ellis: clears $100;. rent $55. . 1500
10 rooms; north of Market: rent $50.... 550
27 rooms; O'Farrell; Income $260....... 2400
28 rooms; boarding-house; central." 3000
HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy St.. rms. 18 and 19.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
17 rooms; cheap rent: must sell $575
N.30 rooms; rent only $75; nr. Powell St.. 1400
63 rooms; corner; modern bldg.; snap.. 950
30 rooms: rent $80; reduced to 1800
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
HOUSES on Van Ness ave.. Ellis, Eddy and
other sts. N. of Market: cheap houses, high-
priced houses; real estate; partnerships; bus-
iness chances; mtges. bought & sold; money
loaned at low rates: good exchanges. FISH-
ER & CO.. 035 Market; phone Folsom 1592.
McBRDDE & CO.. 765 Market st. — Bargains In
lodging-houses, for sale from $300 to $6000;
call and see our list before buying and we.
can satisfy you: If you want to sell, list
with us and we make quick sale.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all
sires and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale. $225: must be
asold: cause, death: 17 rooms. 28% Clay Bt.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; searfcs
Tues.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.: 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night 10c: developing circle to-mor-
row night. 25c. 605 McAllister st. .
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st: readings dally,
50c and $1: 'circle every night. 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S readings, 60c-$l: circle to-
nlght; prophetic tests, 10c. 132 Sixth st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
MRS.VALEEN.medlum and palmist, will guide
you right; 50c. 1583 Market St.. near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sundaj- and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: Fittings daily: test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A 50c— '50c — 50c — A
PROF. BROCKWAY, Prof. Brockway,
1052 Ells., bet. Franklin and Gough.
Offers for a- short time only readings at. the
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
his office and residence, between the hours of
10 a. m. and 8 p. m. daily; Sundays, 10 a. m.
to 12 i>. m.
Scientific and Expert Life Reader.
Readings which for detail, exactness, truth.
Interest manifested In each individual case,
round advice and counsel are "hot equaled in
this city at any figure. Prof. Brockway tells
you what you want to know, eliminating all
uninteresting features and not tiring you
wlta matters entirely irrelevant to the case
In band, -is has been the case in readings
you b&ve had in, the past. Prof. Brockway
reads your past, present and future.
• • ;. . 50c — 50c — 50c.
KNOW THY FUTURE
And Prospects for 1902 by Consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD,
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. .
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
love, bow to overcome all enemies: gives full
secret how to control or. influence any. one
you leve or mc-et; no charge unless you find
him superior to all others. Hours, 10 to 7
dally; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms, 13,
14, first floor. 1104— MARKET ST.— 1104.
* Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of tbe past reveals the present hap-
penings and. portrays events to -occur In the
future. If. you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult thle great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-kno"wn trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
3 26; take elevator. • Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail;* send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
" future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
1 secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
: fee 25c and up;, satisfaction to everybody;
1 open Sundays: hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215^ 6th.
r IFMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
r palmist, permanently located 1148 Market op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily, 10 a m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
'- A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis: clairvoyant
s crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques. ; full names: 00c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
- MISS EMMA HARRIS— Therapeutist; electric
; and magnetic treatments; 2 assistants. 7
9 Grant ave. />• . _ -
. MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
8 or no pay; 50c. $1. 234% Sixth st ;_ .
1 ¦ MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dles 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
. MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
o gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
• KNOW your future: card and palm reading; la-
r dies. 25c: gents. , 60c. 289 Fell.
_ CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
. only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., nr. 4th..
[ MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
Eplrlt card reader: consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. '
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
Z reader. 11 Cth: German spoken: tel. Jessie 1663.
- 50c. $1 — Prof. Weller, clair., palmist, card read-
2 er; mail orders; stamp, circular. 1007^6 Mkt.
¦- MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
[• has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
t MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
¦• advice: names given;. 25c up. 6 Fourth st:
"; ' . COTTAGES JO LET.
- A— COZY. 5 rooms. -bath; nice yard; 30 min-
utes' ride from city. A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market st.Feb. 3. — Chairman
Hanna, of '¦; the : National - Republican Com
mittee has appointed E. K Bonner of Mis
soula, Montana; a member of the national
committee from that. State to succeed W.
H. ' l>ewltt,", deceased ; ; he -also has desig
nated Senator Gallinger ¦ of .' New- Hamp
shire a member of the national committee
from that State, ¦ to > succeed Charles T.
Meanes, deceased. • . .....
New National Committeemen.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— In response to
a request for Information as to what steps
had been taken looking to the collection of
Interest due ; the United States from the
Kansas division of the Union Pacific Rail
road .Attorney General Knox to-day seut
a communication to the Senate giving the
status of the Government's account with
that road.: He says that In 1898 there was
received on account of the subsidy claim
of - the Government J64.751.223, leaving
J6.50O.OO0 in Interest unpaid.. Of. this latte-
amount $821,897 was. paid in 1899 and $133 -
942 in 1900. He also says that a suit is
pending, in the • United ; States Circuit
Court of Massachusetts agralnst the Amer
ican Loan and Trust Company for $54700,)
on account of the . proceeds received by
that company on securities held by it.
Debt of the Union Pacific.
HELENA, Mont., Feb. 3.-Delegates to
the meeting of the Pacific Northwest
Wool Growers' Association i convention,
which begins a three days' session hero
to-morrow, "have been arriving all day,
and Secretary J..W. Bailey estimates that
1000 sheep breeders and wool growers will
be in attendance. . The local committees
have made every arrangement for the en
tertainment of the visitors, and both the
leading clubs have announced they_will
entertain the visitors.
The association comprises sheep grow
ers in Montana, Idaho, Oregon, Washing
ton, Utah and- Wyoming. In these States
there are 20,000,000 sheep, and, the wool
output, last year was 150,000,000 pounds.
The most important question that will
come up will be the passage of a law by
Congress requiring, that goods containing
shoddy shall be marked. Action will 'also
be taken on the land leasing question. It
is the intention ¦ now.: for the association
.to select an agent who will represent the
interests of the wool growers at Wash
ington. : ¦¦:.''
erning Sale of Shoddy.
tition Congress to Pass Law Gov-
Pacific Northwest Association to Pe-
WOOL GROWERS TO MEET
IN ANNUAL .CONVENTION
If enjoined, said Manager Wright while
on the. stand, the company would sus
pend smelting operations entirely and,
while it might continue 'to work its Iron
Mountain mine; it would do so only for
the best ore, which it would ship else
where to be smelted. A suspension of
the extensive operations of this company
would be a' sad blow to Shasta County
and the outcome of the caie is awaited
with interest, v
The enjoinment proceedings came up
to-day on the' continued hearing of the
case of Peter Stolberg against the Moun
tain Copper Company. Stolberg owns an
orchard near the town of Shasta,. which,
he claims, was damaged by the fumes
from the defendant corporation's smelter
at Keswick, three miles away. He asked
for $15,000 damages, and a jury awarded
him $600. The injunction pleadings now
come up separately before Judge Sweeny.
REDDING, Feb. 3.— Lewis T. -Wright,
general manager of the Mountain Copper
Company's operations in this county; said
while on the witness stand in .the Supe
rior Court this afternoon that if his com
pany were enjoined from proceeding with
the roasting and smelting of copper ores
until it should condense the fumes aris
ing therefromjt would be necessary to
close the big smelting plant at Keswick.
Wright said there was no practical meth
od of condensing the fumes of a copper
siveltlng plant, although there were. some
theoretical ones, i ¦¦• ' , - •., •-.- •-¦
Fumes From the Plant Cannot
Be Condensed. '
Copper Company's Manager Declares
THREATENS TO CLOSE
THE KESWTCK SMELTER
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. '
F W Freeman. Pa J Hardley. Salinas '
C Deans, New York E C Hammond, Colo '.
E F Coonay, Louisvll O H Plum. Iowa
E Lamb, St Louis J ThpmDSon, Chicago •
E Hllleeas & f, NY I Innmay &w, Sacto
R E Richter&w.Irelnd G Wright. Angels Cmp
J J Tillman & w, W A Yrby. Woodstock
US stmr Concord B Butts, New Haven
M J Conboy & w.Mass S G York, St Louis .
W D Kelley, Chicago Mrs J W Smith. Mo
F; Little, Louisville^-- W G Barbouh Mtt >¦ »
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
¦ SANTA MARIA, Feb. 3.VThe Pacific
Coast Railway Company, which connects
this section, with the '.Southern «• Pacific
Railroad at San Luis Oblspo, has j pur
chased the Gaviota wharf ¦ from the Hol
lister estate - in . order " to facilitate the
handling of. passengers and freight from
this place.' A . project is on foot ¦: to con
struct ¦ a railroad , to Gaviota from . Los*
Olivos, thus giving this end of the line a
direct: outlet. ; . '
May Lay Rails to Gaviota.
MARTINEZ, Feb. 3.— Klchijoo Kamato,
a Japanese gambler, was killed by Aril,
the Japanese foreman on the Hill Girt
farm in the Alhambra Valley. Kamato
came from Sacramento to "visit friends
wh.o were' working on the farm. ¦ After
spending the day there drinking and gam
gling, Aril left the house occupied by the
Japanese and walked about twenty feet,
when Kamato came out with his pistol
and fired three shots ; at Aril, .none of
which took effect. Arii seized' Kamato,
took the pistol from him and fired two
shots, killing him. N Arii is in the custody
of the Sheriff. He was unarmed when
attacked by Kamato. -
man and Is Slain With His
Own Weapon.
Japanese < Attacks Fellow Country-
WOULD-BE MURDERER
MEETS DEATH HIMSELF
One significant fact discovered by the
officers to-day may . account' for Mrs.
Whltlock's (Jeath. Whttlock's Injured
back and limbs were bathed In wood alco
hol, and to-day, the bottle containing this
poison was found to be empty. It Is be
lieved that Mrs. Whitlock may have*
drunk from the bottle, not knowing the
deadly nature of its contents. .
MARTINEZ. Feb. 3.— Richard Whit
lock, whose wife was found dead in bed
here on Sunday morning, is still held in
prison to await the action of the Coro
ner's jury. To-day the stomach of the
dead woman was sent to San Francisco
for analysis. The theory that Mrs. Whlt
iock was .murdered- by ¦ suffocation does
not find much credence, from .the fact
that the woman. was strong and healthy,
while Whitlock, who had just returned
from a hospital ' where he was treated for
Injuries" received in an accident that al
most proved fatal, was still in bandages
and very weak, i !
the Contents of a Bottle of
Wood Alcohol. '
Mrs. Whitlock May Have Imbibed
MURDER THEORY FINDS
BUT LITTLE CREDENCE
The men were arrested or acknowledged
service of warrant as the result of a dis
pute between the Midway and the Supe
rior Sunset oil companies, which ended in
the shooting of G. T. Walker and George
Cornell Jr., who have since recovered.
There wa8 much feeling over the affair
and detectives, were put at work by Cor
nell Sr., with the result that the following
must answer to the charge, of conspiracy:
John T. Wooton, Claude Donley, , E. J:
Boust, A. F. Schafer, Charles Todd, F. E.
Mannel, J. T. Chick, H. C. Fertig, S. J.
Dunlap, J. M. Douly, J: W. Jameson, W.
A. Heudryx, H. P. Anderson, J. A. Chanp
lor, Charles Hall, George L. Bergen, C.
A. Neal, Fred Price and William Jackson.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb." 3.— Those who
have been accused of conspiracy in the
sensational Midway case appeared for ar
raignment this afternoon before Justice
of the Peace Mlllard. All of the defend
ants, who Include some of the most prom
inent business and professional men in
the county, answered, to their names with
the exception of Charles Todd. The at
torneys for the defense. Laird and Pack
ard, said that they were ready to proceed
with the hearing of J. A. Chansldr. Dis
trict Attorney Ahem for. the people, who
is bejng assisted by Attorney E. J. Em
mons, interposed an objection and . said
that the proceedings 'should, at once'in
clude all of the defendants. This precipi
tated a discussion, which took up the time
of the court during the afternoon and re
sulted In Judge Mlllard deciding that all
the defendants should be Included.
Case Growing Out of the Battle in
Midway District Is Called in
- Bakersfield.
OIL MEN IN COTTJRT ON
CONSPIRACY CHARGE
I ¦' resent the sneering remark of a foreign
diplomat that I am an agitator or a labor agita
tor, or that the laboring people of this country
are 'endeavoring, to protect' themselves from
Chinese labor are agitators.
I deny the right of the representative of a
foreign Government addressing himself to an
official of our Government and referring to such
American citizens by name, particularly where
such a- reference is of such a derogatory char
acter. The Chinese Minister Is treated in this
country with every becoming courtesy -and he
has no right to make insinuations upon Ameri
can "customs. - Upon behalf of the laboring men
of this country, whom I represent as the presi
dent of the Federation of Labor, I repeat that
I resent these remarks on the part of the Chi
nese- Minister. ' ¦
Gompers spoke of the extent of Asiatic
contamination and demoralization of
our labor on the Pacific Coast. The Chi
nese worker who earns $2 and consumes
2 cents a day impoverished American la
bor and lowered the standards of liv
ing. To the arguments that had been ad
vanced that American v worklngmen
would have to meet European and Chi
nese standards of cheap living, Mr.
Gompers answered that If long hours and
low wages meant industrial superiority
then China would have been at th$ head
of the industrial nations of the world.
In the course of his rematks Gomp
ers criticized Wu Ting Fang, 1 *- the : Chi
nese Minister, saying:
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— The House
Committee on Foreign Affairs-' heard
Immigration Commissioner Powderly and
President Gompers of the American Fed
eration of Labor in favor of strict Chi
nese exclusion, as provided for in the
Mitchell-Kahn bill, t Powderly stated that
the hardships encountered, by the' class" Of
Chinese exempt from exclusion at 'the de
tention stations were insignificant: : It 'waa
the duplicity of the Chinese laborer, he
said, who sought to gain : admission by
assuming to be in the exempt class, thai
caused the necessity for stringent exclu
sion laws.
The committee also struck out the
House provision limiting the number of
land offices in Alaska to one and reduced
the appropriation made by the House bill
for experimental rural free delivery ser
vice, from $491,040 to $217,300. ; • . .
For the establishment in the vicinity of Ma
nila, P. I., of a . military post, including the
construction of barracks, quarters for officers,"
storehouses, hospitals and other buildings, as
¦well as water, supply, 'lighting, sewerage and
drainage necessary for the accommodation of a
garrison ot'two full regiments of infantry, two
squadrons of cavalry and two batteries of ar
tillery, to be available until expended.
The appropriation of $500,000 for the
shelter-of troops- rrrttre- Pftlrippim; Islands
is» retained, but the wording. of the pro
vision is changed to read as follows:
¦ Payment to Mexico, on account of the
La Abra and Weil claims, $412,572; pay
ment of rebate on tobacco, $100,000; reim
bursement of Philippine insular fund for
gtmboats turned over to the navy, $208,
819; purchase of ,coal for the navy, $800,
000; equipment of naval vessels, $450,000;
refunding to States money expended In
raising volunteers in the Civil War —
Maine, $131,515; Pennsylvania; $689,146;
New Hampshire, $108,372; Rhode Island,
$124,617.
The net increase of appropriations rec
ommended by the Senate committee on
this bill is $3,163,150, bringing its total up
to $20,239,620. The principal items of in
crease are the following:
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— In response to
inquiries, the State Department to-day
notified the Senate Committee on Appro
priations that the department would bo
able to make provision for the expenses
of the representatives of this country In
England, incident to the coronation of
King Edward VII, from its resources and
that therefore no especial appropriation
¦would, be necessary for that purpose. The
committee therefore did not make provi
sion in the urgent deficiency bill as re
ported to the Senate to-day for this item
of expense, as it had agreed on Saturday
last to do. -The committee also decided
that the provision In the bill as it came
from the House for an appropriation of
$40,000 to be used by the President in
meeting "unforeseen emergencies" would
be sufficient to cover the expense of the
Government In connection with the ap
proaching visit of Prince Henry and no
specific appropriation was made on that
account.
Tel's of Asiatic Demoral
: zation of Labor on
I Pacific; Coa^t. ; . j
Committee Recommends
Increase in Several
Appropriations.
GOMPERS FAVORS
STRICT EXCLUSION
DEFICIENCY BILL
BEFORE SENATE
Henry Nlckolaus,' the director of the St.
Louis and Suburban Railway Company.
Tor whom a warrant was issued Saturday
in connection with the Suburban investi
gation, appeared in court to-day and gave
a bond for $5000 for his appearance. The
bond was signed by' Adolphus Busch, the
wealthy brewer. Other men indicted also
appeared and renewed their bonds.
The jury is"composed of the following
business men: Geo.rge M. Brown, man
ager of the Standard Asphalt Company;
William Burg, Iron merchant; William M.
B. Dean, commission merchant; Fidel
Gonahl, lumber "dealer; Henry L. Haydel,
real estate; James- Y. Lockwood, secre
tary Interstate Car and Transfer Com
pany; John D. Manley, dealer in agricult
ural implements; Louis J. Miser, dealer In
furnishing goods; Frank R. Myer, super
intendent for. Dpdscn, Brown & Co.; John
M. Miller, assistant manager Goodyear
Rubber Company; Jason C. Fomerville,
secretary G; Cramer Dry Plate Works,
and John H. Tiemeyer, carpets. Dean
was appointed foreman. ' . -'
Have a care that no one Innocent shall be
branded, but have equal care that no one es
capes being: brought' to the bar of justice who
may be, in your best Judgment presented,
guilty. • ' « ' ¦-.-¦.
It is your duty to continue, promptly and vig
orously, this examination, both as to past of
fenses of this kind, -which are not barred by
limitation,' and as to present offending, If any
there be, of. a similar nature.
The higher the position of the persons who
bribe, or ara, bribed, the greater is their moral
responsibility, because the more potent for evil
Is their wicked example, but to all who so
offend, be theyhlgh or low, powerful or
humble/ there should be meted out: certain,
swift and severe punishment. '
It substitutes the debauching, money power
of criminally responsible combinations and cor
porations, acting through their venal agents,
or hirelings and unscrupulous public of flcert,
for the lawfully .constituted authority vested
by the people In the 1 municipal legislative body
to be by it honestly and faithfully adminis
tered. . .
> No graver danger exists in our midst than
thi3 infamous method of' robbing the people by
corrupting their trusted representatives. It Is
a menace to our civic and political life. It- is
anarchy, for It strikes an insidious and deadly
blow at Kovernment. . . ¦ - • • ... \
The work and report of the last Grand Jury
revealed appalling conditions touching the brib
ery of public, officials. These revelations Indi
cate that, men in high positions in the social
life and the commercial activities of. this com
munity have, in their endeavor to secure public
franchises for. private gain, not hesitated to
bribe members of the Municipal Assembly to
betray the ' public interests and welfare they
were elected to protect.
Judge Ryan said In part
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 3.r-In a most scathing
charge to the February Grand Jury,' just
impaneled,- which he ordered to continue
the investigation begun: by the previous
body into the charges of bribery in con
nection with the St; Louis and Suburban
Railway leglslatfon. Judge O'Neal Ryan
of; the criminal bench, of the St. Louis
Circuit Court to-day declared _ti:at bribery
was a menace to civic and political life.
Says Men in High Positions '•¦
Have Debauched Pub
v lie Officials.
St. Louis Judge Delivers
Scathing Charge to
.' GKrand Jury. :
BRIBERY MENACES
THE GOVERNMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1902.
11
BAIT/WAY TRAVEL.
Southern PAOiPiai
TraUi !•»*« nail »r» atne to arrlv* «« !
. . MAM ritANVinCO. . !
• ' (Main Line. Foot of Market Stwfc) - '
MAT * ~ y*OM D«C*MBXB 6. 1301. -- AMtn»
7j«0a BenlcU, 8ul»un, Elmlr* and fiacxv
mento 5:3.*S»
7iOOa VMtrUle, WlntomTBumaey ?i33»
7i3«*M»rtlii«z.8aun»inou.V»Hejo.N»p«.
Calistog* and Santa Boaa «s23»
¦i«Oa Davis, Woodland, Knlgnta Landing,
M ar y»»i He. OrotiUe. 7:3 3»
•:0 0 * A tlantio V, xpreM-Ogdeu and Eart StM* .
¦tttOA Nile*. Lathrop, Stockton..... 7s*3»
•(OOaKUm. MendoU. Hanford. VUalla.
Porterrtlle....... «<99»
. I ¦ 1 1» A Bfcaata Excreta— Daris, Williams (tot '¦ . ¦
¦¦¦¦' Bartlett SprtngaJ. Wlllowa, Bad
Bluff, PortHnd... 7t3Sf
•lit* 8»n .line, LlTermon, Rtockton,
lone, Nacrainento, PUeerrllle,
MarjriTllie, Chleo. Red Bluff. 4>S3*
• iXO* Oakdale, Ohineie. Honor*. Tuotumn* 4:25 j
lit** Hayward. Nile* and Way Station^.. 1 1 s53a
•••Oa Vallejo .- 12:23»
•i»O a Lo* Annies Kxpren — Martlnos.
Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton, Merced
Fresno and Loa Angalea 1 7i85«
fliSOA Vallejo. Martinez aud VTa; StatlOM ?|83r
ICtOOA The Overland Limited— Ogdan, X>«n* .
' - Tar, Omaha. Chicago Bi83a>
fltflOp Saoramanto ltl?er Scecmara fall*)*)*
SiVOr Bonlda, Winter*, Baersmen to,
• Woodland, -K nigh U Landing;
- ' MurynllU.OroTlIle. .............. 10:53*
¦ SiIOp Hayward, Nllet mad Way SUUona.. 7:33»
" «i«»r MarMuax, B»n Itaiiion, Vallejo, '
Napa. UallaWica, Hanta Rosa.. .... »i*3»
4i4M>r NUaa. UTermora. Stockton, Lodi... IS>23»
4iSUp Harvard. MUea, Htm Jose. ZjT«rmoi» t»:33* -
«:S0rThe Offl Limited — Freino, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, 8angos for 8aula> Bar-
bara, Los Ancelea SiSSa,
SiOOp Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop* Stockton 1«i23a
OiOOf Martin?*. Antioch, Stockton, Me*-
e*d.Fro«no...... 1*>33»
•t«Op Ha/ward. Nilsa and San Jots,.;.... TtSS*
(«i«llr Vallejo 1I<23*
•••op Oriental- Mall — Ogden, ' Denrwr,
Omaha, St Loul*. Chicago. «tS34
7it»f Oregon and California lixpreai.Ha*.
.':', . rumeiito. Marjs»l!I#, Ueddlng.
Portland, rugat* Hound and Katt SiS8«
•••SrSan Pablo. For* Coata, Martines
and Way Stations HiSS*
t»»«ar Valle].... .........". T»oay
COAST LINE CUrrcm «ao ? e). ¦
-(Foot of Market Street) .
SiISa Newark.Cautert Ula,8an Joae.i'eltoo,
lSonlderCreek.SautaGiiiiaudWaf .
Statloua 8<0«s>
I*jI Up Newark. CeuterTillo, Ban .Joaa, Nnw
I Almaden, Voltou, Donlder Creek, ¦ . -. *
. ' Sauta Crnx sod Principal Way ¦- ¦ ' .
StaUooa lOifl»*
«il»p Newark. Han Joae, Los Gatos fStSOa.
«-».3op Hunters' Train— San Jose and Way
\ StoMons f7.ao»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Fna SIS mSCISCO— 1vA *t luktt Street (Slip 8)—
t7:lt 9.00 U:00a.M. 1:03 3:00 • 6:18 P.»V
frunOlIUHB— rt*ttrB(ti4«aT.— tfl:0» ja;OO t3.-Cf
10:00a.m. -13:00 2:8 J «:03f^l. -'¦¦•¦• :'' ¦ ' •'
COAST LJNE (Broad Canga).
r- • (Third and Towngeml Sta.)
fit I oa Ban Jose, and Way Htations....^.... fl:4»»
7:00a Rail Jnae ami Way Stations... fS:»tl»
./7:O«a New Alwadeit /4il«W
¦iOOA Coast Line Limited — Sao Joaa,
Gllrojr, aalinaj, San Lois Obispo. ¦
' Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
principal Intermediate stations.... 10:439
OiOOa 8an Jose, Tre* Finos, HauU Crux,
¦ Paeilio Uro««. Balirms. San Lnis
Obispo and Principal intermediate •
SUtUma ....*... 4:l*f
10<:>0a San Jcae and Way Stationa fttHA*
:. IIi3«a Han Jose and XV*t Station 4.. U:4»»
13s I5p San Mateo. lUdwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, San Jose.
Trea. Pujos,. Santa Cruz. Salinas. ' -
Monterey an<l Taeilic Gr»T«...... tlO:43A '
'- ;S*ao P Han Joaa aud Way Stations. ltS«*-
' f4;ISrSauJoseai»IPTiiicipal WajrSUtloDS ° SiS«*
.;. ¦ 4i30r Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednea-
. . days, Fridayn. for lo» Angeles, El ' ' .
Paso. New Orleans and New York. ' ' -
ArriTes Sandaja. Tuesdays and ¦ • - •¦
Thursdays « lflitSa
tSsOOrSan Jow, Los Gatos and Principal
WaySUtiooa f 9 ' 00 *
SiSAr a»n Jnae and Principal Way Stations 0i8«V
W «:a»rSan Joae aud Way Stations.. 7>30f
?iOOr New Orleans Expreas — San Luis '
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los Ao-
'. (elea. Doming. El Paao, New Or>
¦-. ' leana and Ksa» _... 7>39a>
¦Ili45r San Jo»e »ml Way SUUona 7i3f
' ¦ ;'_ A for Morning. v -;..- f P t or A ( ternoen.
' ¦ "*t Bnnday ezcaptad. I Sutiday only. ¦ ¦ ¦
"¦^a Saturday only. . . . /Tuesdays and JWdayti,
CiLIF OfiNU N0B1WESTERN RY. Ca
. LjHJSSEiEJS
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGlrri
RAILWAY COMPANY; .;
Tiburon Ferry. Foot' of Market S!u
¦^'V- 6an Francisco to San RaiasL ¦¦ ' :
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
8:30. 6:10. 6:30 p.. m. Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Exu* trips
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:M. 3:30.
. 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
4>aa Haitao! to Son Francisco.
WEEK- DAYS— «:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. 8:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— ExUa
trips at 1:55 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3: M.
8:05. «:25 p. m. ' ¦-
Leav» I In Effect I Arrive %
San Francisco. [Apr. 28. 1801 1 San Franclaca
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. ] Destination! day*. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novatci. - 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm » :30am Petaluma. 8:05pm 10:25am
6:10pm 5:00pm Santa Roaa. 7:35pm fl:20pm
Fulton, .
7:30am ' 'Windsor, - 10:28am
5:00pm Bealdsburs. 10:40am
) • Lytton.
" Geyser-vllla,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:30pm 8:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and- •: Uklah. 7:35pm 8:20pm
7:30am ¦ 10:40am 10:23am
.. - 8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
8:30pm 6:00pm ¦ 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am - Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
~ and
\ 8:10pm 8:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| - ~ : |10:40am|10:25an»
" 3 :30pm [ 5:00pm| Sab»atopol. | 7 :35pm! 6:20pm
Stages connect At Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton tor AHrurla; at Lytton tor 1 JLytton
Springs; at Gevservill© for Skaggs -Springs; at
Cloverdale fof the G«ysers; at Hopland lot
•Duncan Springs. . Highland Springs, Kelsey-
vUle Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport
and "Bartlett Springs; at' Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Bluo Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter ¦ Springs. Upper Lake Porno.
Patter Valley, John Day's , Riverside, Llerley's.
Buckneira. Sanhedrln Hefehts. Hultvttle, OrT-*
Hot Springs, MendocUio City, Fort Bragg*.
Westport Usal. Willits. I>aytonvHle. Cummiaa,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's,. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. -
. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦ ....
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
.Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronic!*
knlldlng. ' " ' . . : -'»•¦¦ i-«
j H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
. • - . » . * Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
/^& Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
)L><pa|^l KEAKXV ST. Established
Bpllk^aSa'" ****** for the treatment of Priratn
J$ilj±.'?K8S Disposes. I^ost ilanbood. Debility or
BnKgH|dhi>>»> wearing on body and mind and
a^MEsWaBBSaSktp Disenaes. The Doctorcarea-'irliea
I CMfWrnothen fail. Try him. Charges low.
¦ SBlMWaaJH < 11 1 1 s y 11 11 1 11 11 1 1 1 il Callorwrlt*
Mr. J. r. UIBROX. feiAu franclsco. Cal. _
RAILWAY : TBAVEL; : ; '* / \
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy ?
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. "
¦ :.;:,. ¦ Local"!" Lim'd b'vrl'd] Local" '
Dally Dally: Dally. : Dally '
Lv. Saa Fran 7:20a 8:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"• Merced. . 12 :25 p 1:17 p l:3Oa »:U p
" Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05a.......
11 Visalla.. 3:39p.. 5:00a.......
" Bakersfd 6:15 p 5:20 ph 7:43 a ..'....'.
I'i Kan.City. .. 2:40a T:30"a ....¦...'
" Chicago.. | ...•.'..•. | 2:15 p| 9:00 pt.;...;.
. • a lor murnintf. p tor alterhobn... . ,
' '0:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars - and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair. Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a.m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced' and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
g p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace ' and ¦ Tourist Sleepers and.
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
,. Corresponding train arrives at 0:00 p. m.
¦ • 7 :20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train-arrives at S:40 a.m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
'• Via Sausallto Ferry
"' \ Commencing September 29 1901.
FROM SAN FKA.N CISCO TO MILL VALLEY
., AND SAN KAFAEL. ' f^ 1^* 1
WEEK DAYS— «:55, 8:30, *9:30, 11:00 a, m
•1:45 3:15. 4:15, 5:15, •0:15, 6:45 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. ¦ ¦ .
SUNDAYS— »8:00. •10:00.. *ll:30 a. a£f»lOX
5:15 *4:45, 6:30, 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »5:23. C: 27. 7:45, 8:35, 10:l»
am., »12:25. 2:15. •3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at C:43 and 9:55 p.' m. ¦ -^
SUNDAYS— G:15, •S:00.-»10:eo. "11:48 a. m.
•1:40 *3:15. 1:45, *6:30 pc.nv" •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY, TO BAN. FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45.- 7:55,' 8:55 10-30
a m.. 12:35. 2:45, 3:50. 5:10 p. m. . ' '
'EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. .-Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. ¦
8UNDAYS — 8:05, 10:05 a. m... 12:05, 2*W
8:30,' 6:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
' .6:55 a.' m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ' .' ¦ . ¦ . ' .».-..
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ¦ . ~ "- - ,. v- .... ..
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
•stations. -
Legal Holiday boats and trains will rua oa
Sunday- time. - -• . ¦ ..._ - . , _
MOUNT TAMALPALS RAILWAY
Leave ', ,Via Sausalito Ferry "Arnve
• San Fran. ., Foot of Market St; - San Fran.
•• ;.//•' . 1:15 p. *%"?. Tr '! k ?T. '. (5:55 P.
' Fan, Bid Francisco tt Summit inii Return. 51 .90. - '
EckctOBcw, «1 MAR.UST STKIH aal $AU3.VUTO TSSS.Z.
HOOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Pntnrn.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week;- transient.
XEW ARLINGTOX. 1015 Market — Nicely fur-
nlEhed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA. 1211— Sunny furnished bay-window
room, double and single.
O*FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec lights; day, week, mo.
OTARRELL. 317 — Sunny furnished rooms for
gentlemen, $8 and $10; bath.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35e to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVEXTH. 171 — Corner house; sunny furnlsh-
ed rooms to let; single or double. -
EHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st.
STOCKTOiJ. 332 — Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st C
ROOMS AND HOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk; sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water: modern:
first-class board; reasonable; phone Scuth 829.
HOTEL Buena Vista— Newly furnished; good
table; warm belt of Mission. 1070 Valencia
et.: conservatories.
CROCKER. The, 915 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.: sin. and suites; ground and tennis crt.
EDDY. 316 — Sunny room, elegantly furnished,
for refined couple or two young men.
NIARA, CIS Taylor— Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
CALIFORXIA. S07 (Stevenson Mansion) -^Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
Irvingdale, C26 Eddy — Double & single rooms,
suitable for students; good table; low rates.
TWO unfurnished rooms with or without board.
Box 3229. Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO or three furnished light housekeeping
rooms; young ¦ couple ; no children. Box 3227,
Call office.
~ -- R H 1^ TPRE SANITARI1 ™'
RUPTURE CuISe— TREATMENT FREE?"
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206
Market et-. rooms 5 and C; new system.
SPECIAL NOTICES. '
AMERICAN CRUDE OIL BURNER~CO.— Dis-
places other burners and installs in San Fran-
cisco free the American Burner, guaranteeing
7% per cent saving In oil. Send for cata-
logue and Treatise on Oil Burning- Address
works, 22S Fremont st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgom«>ry. rooms O-10: tel. 55S0.
SEWIXG 3IACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4 th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
p7E^C^B^D^LP^r^tc^e^nTljovtng~Co!r
office Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEX "WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREATMbXrGAIXS i irTTYPEWRiTERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 20!) Sansomt.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ¦
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend, Xo. 3S. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share oa the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at office of company, rooms 202. 204.
206 Hayward bldg., San Francisco, on Febru-
-ary 10, 1002. - Transfer books close Feb. 3,
1302. at noon-. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPERTY-OWNERS & CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent chim-
ney, I am prepared to erect it 60e a foot up;
expert In curing smoking or faulty flues;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations; estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2333 ¦Mission, or box 260. 318 Bush.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies — Office
of Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco,
Cal., February 1. 1902. — Sealed proposals for
furnishing and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence supplies, delivered at such
wharf or wharves or such warehouses in San
Francisco, Cal.. as per circular to be seen at
this office, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m., FRIDAY, February 21. J902,
and opened immediately thereafter in pres-
ence of bidders. Specifications, general in-
structions to bidders and blank form of pro-
posal will be furnished to established "dealers
on application to W.-H. BALDWIN, Major
Commissary. U. S. Army. Purchasing Com-
missary.
¦ '
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:,
Harry E. Rogers, 24, Stockton, and Lillie
M. Lawrence. 20, Monrovia.
Lipman Kieve, 47. city, and Ida B. Norton,
22, city.
Virgil Hammond, 2C, 372 Xatoma street, and
Agnes Jones, 29, 'ATZ Xatoma street.
David Doyle, 26, 117 Xatoma street, and
Catharine M. Sullivan, 21, 117 Xatoma street.
James B. Wyman, 27. 142^ Fourth street,
and Ad* Piver, 18, foea View.
Robert P. Oppenhcim, 25, Paris, France, and
Charlotte G. Jewell, 24, »J01 Broderick street.
Harry J. J. Demartir.i. 25, 29% Scott place,
and Lena Ferrea, 21. 430 Union street.
Charles F. Homer, 45. 1522 Polk street, and
Annie W. Harrigan. 32, 1522 Polk street.
William Allsrern, 21, 1515 Guerrero 6treet,
and Theresa A. Schmied. 21. 807 Page street.
Vincent Blasloli, 19, Palo Alto, and Frances
R. Rousseau. 19, 110 Ninth street.
Thomas O'Brien, 32, 854 Harrison street,
and Annie Brennan, 26, 509 Minna street.
John C. Stelzner. 28, 233 Powell street, and
Marie L. Reeves, 21, 233 Powell street.
Charles H. Hammond. 22, city, and Clara
Raye, 20, city.
Thomas Neeland, 55, city, and Katharine S.
Mallory, 32, city.
James M. Rowan, 50, Dawson City, and Au-
gusta M. Fluegel, 28. city.
Frank N. Xigro. 23. 440 Ninth street, and
Mary E. Casero, 20, 423 1£ Filbert street.
- John Kotter, 30, 34 Sixth street, and Lottie
Kurz. 24, 4 Vernon place. ¦ .
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOR2T. ji-
FELLMANN— In this city, February 1, 1902.
to the wife of Alfred Fellmann, a daughter.
HERBERT— In this city. January 13, 1902, to
the wife of William Herbert, a daughter.
DIED. ~
Bielagk. Bruna Lange, Andrew W.
Blalsdell. William A. Marin, Francisco
Brown, Catherine Maroney, Margaret
Clarke, Alfred Martin. Frank
De Bello. Virginia Mullin. James P. -
Dickinson. Harvey Niblock, George J.
Dwyer. Lawrence J. O'Grady, William
Eptlng, Henry Pejilow, Albert
Evans, Arthur H. Porch. Mis3 Mary
Fay, Frank Richardson, Geo. F.
Griffith, Edwin L. Riley, Peter
Hammessley. Alfred Shea. Mrs. Mary
Heine. Henry Stern, Abraham
Herman. George . Viers, Estelle E.
Hoffman, Hannah Waldron, Arthur
Hussey. Simon f . /
BIELAGK— In this city, February 2, 1902,
¦ Bruno, dearly beloved husband of Alice Bie-
lagk. & native of Grossenhaen. Geermany.
CREMATION $10.
The undertakers and general public are here-
by notified that from and after this date the
price for Cremation at Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery will be $10. < „ ;
Cypress Lawn Cemetery Ass'n.,
1504 MARKET ST.
Ean Francisco, February 3, 1902.
JlfcSA ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
h \V"**'"*'^ M """'' '" '" '^* s *** ""'' ~'" ' -------
JP vou have a residence, or any vacant lots.
Iron any of the streets from Vallejo to Lom-
v fcard. Polk to Lyon, and you wish to make
a quick sale then call on W. J. GUNN. 530
California gt.
JOSEPH STRAUB,
S50 Market st.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property bought and sold.
Rerts collected.
BARGAIN — Fine Bunny cottages, 5 rooms and
ell modern Improvements: high basement;
large lots; fine view; cars pass door; small
amount cash, balance like rent; Chenery and
31st sts. ; see owner on premises. A. KLAHK.
{7:iOO — FOE eale, business corner grocery with
8 living rooms and stable; 9-room flat above.
J. P. FAIVRE. 2304 Fulton st.
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRY — For Sale
AT PLACER\1LLE — 300^-acre all-purpose
ranch, close In; 45 acres choice early fruit;
cheap water plenty; large barnj^ email house;
horses, cow, wagons, tools; orchard rents
$1000 a year; new railroad will double value;
ask particulars quick; a enap to close esta.tc:
$6000. E. K. EMMOXS & SOX. room 4,
tenth floor. «flllls building. /
FOR SALE ICEAR SAN FRAXCISCX)
Small tracts, $C0 to ?90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California, st.. for
pamphlets and Information.
E, N. EMMOXS & SOX have moved from 11
Montgomery st. to room 4, 10th floor. Hills
1 I'.dg. Country real estate a specialty. \V«
f want more property and reliable correspond-
ents in all parts of California. E. N. EM-
MOXS & SOX. room 4, 10th floor. Mills bldg.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st. !
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send '
Ftamp for free list. C. R. Winfleld. Petaluma.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
HERTvELEY HEAL ESTATE.
GENTIXE BAEGA1XS.
$4000— Income property, consisting of one 2-
Ftcry and three 1-story modern cottages; street
vork done; three blocks to railroad depot; orlg-
•r.r.lly cost $7000.
J2500 — Modern two-story cottage of 6 rooms,
'.nimdry and billiard room; lot 125x100. wiUx j
;;ra. flowers, etc.; eunny side. !
J2O00 — Large two-story house, with store; lot
, r .r>xl25: good location; near depot.
$2000 — Modern 5-room cottage; high base-
ment; lot 80x135; large two-story barn, etc.;
cne block to Grove-st. cars; one block to Ade-
l:ne-st. station. Berkeley; this property must
be sold at once.
¦Write me for list of improved properties,
ranging in price from $500 to $7000: good build-
ing lots from $125 up; houses built to order;
coney loaned.
P. A. XVEXTVrORTH, West Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
¥ FRCITVALE IlEAX ESTATE.
V^N unparalleled opportunity: 200x130 feet, cor.
tVilscn ave. and Hopkins et. : 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
ecn cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F.i rent $35 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mill* building, or H.
A. PLETTXER. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKJLAXp REAL ESTATE.
J2600— ORIGIXALLY COST $3600.
Xew 6-room house; the latest improvements
mote, lot 50x140) : convenient to cars, schools
and business center: everything in first-class
order; owner non-resident and property must
be sold without reserve; terms f desired; it
is an ideal home. J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1002
Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$3.VW — "WORTH TO DUPLICATE $4000.
Two-story 7-room house; new; architectural
design and finish Is the latest and best ever
offered for eale; built without regard to ex-
pense as to construction, plumbing and in-
terior finish; an ideal home; an ideal spot and
extremely low price; $1100 cash, balance
bank mortgage. J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1002
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
53000— A BEAUTY- ~ "
I Xew 6-room 2-story house; sunny; large lot;
opjn plumbing; street work all complete;
i convenient to • business center, cars and
V schools; an ideal home; beet neighborhood
residence in Oakland; terms only $1000 cash.
balance mortgage. J. S. MYERS, 1002
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$.-GO0— COST TO DUPLICATE $4300.
Xew 7-rocm house; 3 blocks to local station,
cars and near business center; dining-room
23 feet long; open plumbing; Xo. 1 neigh- '
borhood; architectural design and finish the
prettiest In Oakland; only $1000 cash, bal-
ance can remain on mortgage; owner mun
leave Oakland and is compelled to sell; first
ccme, first served. J. S. MYERS, 1002
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$5 CASH. $2 50 monthly; 2 lots. 25x256; price
$"9 each.
?20 cash. 5 monthly; lot 100x100; price $250
lr. all.
$50 cash. $5 monthly: 4 lots. 100x100; trees
£r.d shrubberies: price $300.
$75 cash, $7 50 monthly; 8 lots. 100x200;
£ne oaks and laurel trees; price $575.
$C5 cash. $10 monthly; 200x200; price $985
in all; fine soil; grand view; superb climate;
r-ear electric car line, fine school; building up
rapidly with a good class of people; no fogs
ncr raw winds; adjoining East Oakland- call
cr send for circular. 455 Seventh st.. oppo-
site Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
fr?e. H. Z. JOXES. owner.
7 XEVv* homes. 5 to S rooms; all first class; I
MTrimac or Twenty-eighth St.. between Tel- |
f-graph ave. and Grove st. ; monthly payment 1
plan. See owner on the premises to-day.
E. P. MEADS, Oakland real estate. 1223
Bread way, near Fifteenth st.
kjAKLAXD FCRXITCUE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month.~lE
SCHELLHAAS. 4O8 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
KOO3IS FOU HOISEKEEPIXG.
APARTMEXTS for housekpg; handsomT sunny j
suites; all modern Improvements; uas, bath, I
reception rm. ; nr. park and school; rent rea- t
sonable. St. James, McAllister anc" Laguna.
EDDY. ."22 — Sunny parlor floor, 4 rooms; house-
keepir.g; complete; bath; phone; gas.
ELLIS, C77 — Furnished for housekeeping;
front room, alcove room and kitchen; bath.
FIFTH, 118 — Sunny furnished and housekeep-
ing rooms; second flat.
GOLDEX GATE ave.. 622 — Sunny front suite,
large back room; bath, range, gas, etc.
GOLDEX GATE, 12C2— Lower floor 4 fur. rms.;
grate, running water, range laundry.
GOLDEX GATE ave., 1404 — Sunny front rooms
for housekeeping; .first floor.
IIAIGHT, 232 — Fire sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; must be seta to be appre-
clated.
LARKIX, 819*4 — Sunny alcove rooms; gas
stove, bath, phone; $16 50: hsekppg rms., $12.
McALLISTER. 2000, cor. Central ave. — 2 sunny
ronms furnished. for housekeeping, $7.
OAK, 119 — Two sunny rooms furnished heavy
housekeeping ; yard; 3 closets; storage; $12 50.
Vlrginia.1005 Powell~2sunny front housekeeping
roc-mt ; newly turnished; gas range, baths ;f'M.
advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1O0S
Valencia st. : ¦ ' --.
UOOSU TO LET — Forn. and Dnfnrn.
ARGYLE~notclT234 McAllister— Xew. elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth — Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BRYAXT, 42S— Front bay-window room with
running water; suitable for two.
BURNETT. 1426 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished ring., euites. single; also unfurnished.
(Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
E5c, $1 60 night; il 50. $6 wk.; open ell night.
* :LL IS. 418 (The Pierpont)— Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator «er-
v>ce; hot water; prl\-aU baths. -
FOLSOM 820. near Fourth— Furnished rooms
to let, $1 per v-fek.
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny rooms with closet and
bath.
JRAXCISCO Hotel— Elegant eultes; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. Klcg. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405 (The Xavarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
td suite* and single; travelers accommodated.
GRaXD SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission-
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; guit.glnyle;elevat.
.XCARNT. 34. and 47 Poet— Office or (uony
V Jfurnlehed rooms; en suite or single.
Martinet. HOI Geary— Handsome eultes;
*nvate baths; newly furnished single rooms.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•Good Old Grandmas Advice
The, children are sick— send for grandma! Who is there like her
for wisdom and gentleness and sympathy, since the first baby came?
.What would we have done without her?
iip-ii ¦n^_ ' I "Cascaret! are splendid, my old mother praises them very
* jy highly, and says she would never ba without them."
>y ¦ — Howard W. Wellman, 139 Tzemont Street, Fairmotmt, OMo.
tfML.* v% • **I suffered se-ren years with tape-worm b-ut didn't Vnow
¦ -. w - - \\\1\ I had one. Two months ago I was taken -with inflammation of
Mir V^" — "_7 \\j vt5 \ • the bowels, sour stomach, sick headache. I tried Casearets
V- Y*^S^% ffC' TtVl and had not taken them a week before I was relieved of *
1 V'^^sifcJfc^-s.* A tap«-worm 18 feet long. I am Tery much better." - >-. >.
I lap ° • -Mra. John Stone, Put-Ia-Bay Island. Ohio.
Q^^'W?^ "After taklne Cascarets for a few niehts before writing,
/7%? v^t: Baar I was able to pass a tape-worm 24 feet in length. Cascarets
I / r\^^Jlir ihMli • hav» our praise, and I will willingly fornlsh a. testimonial
¦ I ¦.¦ \^^r3wtyA jfWSy' ¦ ¦'• *o »nyone whodesires.it."— Mrs. Harry Wood, Kenneth. Ind.
. \Sr&rZ/JjJ // Hr^f "1 was troubled for a long ttm« with ltrer complaint and
V**?J- *sj /A was in such misery that I had to giv* up work. I took but
; I • *S Xfc»aSBW ¦ four doses of Ciscawts before Iwasabletogo t6work3galn."
W^^^^^^te^ -Mrs. Jos. Kresling, 1921 Congress St.. St. Louis..
" ¦ -' - xJj^ifJixcrllOrSfflTls: " ¦ "A year ago 1 wu a great sufferer from piles and
. y»>^ Prf v 'VPg^aa«y^tfiS;a— ; -^s>w could get no rest day or night. I took Cascarets
. ¦y'"*!^.^"*^ *- • " ¦*¦ and after three days -was very much better. I can
' •*'i/ jr _^ v "_ s^^r^mr ' i • nerer thank you enough, for th» relief Caacareta
. j'i****^. ¦TL.^Sk"' \_i7a 5"y hay* sriyen me." • , . ¦ ¦
/ ' *-"^ \*^ y&^&C: /""V —Mrs. Miry E. Stewart. Pleasonton,Ie w«.
A— *\ \^>\ ir •^LmJ^T^^ " "*^A "I h * d suffered with sick headache for many
I v_/ •¦¦ . V3-* u vears, and with Indigestion and constipation from
I" 7& • ¦ ¦ " mmt V . »\\ • time to time. Since using Cascarets I am free from
rS^JSK „¦ . *~s-^ ¦ .. ]U, these ailments and recommend Casc&rats to all
- . ;.""«, • • \ " ' - • ,-- 'A sufferers." — Mrs. Delia Kerns, professional nurs»,
"' / vl^ ¦" 2» West 3«th Street, New. York.
The wisdom of years , of experience -with- her own health, and
grandpa\s and.the children'si and the children's children has taught
grandma what is good for her and the several generations of family
she has looked after. Grandma of today -knows and advises that
Cascarets Candy Cathartic are the only perfect' family medicine, for
all bowel troubles, children's diseases, aiseases of the stomach and
liver, sick headaches, biliousness and bad blood.
/??_ _n rt 4"-- '. Best for the Bowels. All druggists, ioc, 35c, 50c. Never sold In balk.
CiJaJ«5tof4JiJMWUfJ Genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your rnonsy
w J^" back. Sample and booklet free. Address kj
lit '1 IiII'i'iTBW^^ Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. ; ;
aged 37 years. 9 months and 2 days. A
member of Vereln Deutsche Foerders.' -
ETTTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the- parlors
of the Gantner & Gunt'z Undertaking Com-
, pany, 1209 ' Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, Cremation Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
BLAISDELL— In this city, February. 3, 1902,
William Albert, dearly beloved son of .Wil-
liam J. and Lillian Blalsdell. - brother of
Raymond Blalsdell, and nephew of Rose,
Ethel and Albert Adams, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 months and 18 days. .
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, February 5, at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 66S Fourth street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BROWN — In this city, February 2. 1902, Cath-
erine Brown, beloved wife of the late Rich-
ard Brown, and mother of the late Jennie
Brown, a native of County Donegal, Ireland,
aged 73 years.
IC Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral "Wednes-
day, at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral parlors
of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church. Mission street, be-
tween Third and Fourth, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLARKE — In this city. February 3, 1902, Al-
fred, beloved husband of Johanna F. Clarke,
a native of Tramoore, County Waterford,
Ireland, aeed C9 years 7 months and 20
days. • . ij*
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, J208 Masonic avenue, thence to
St. Agnes Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment private. •
DE BELLO— In the City and County Hospital,
February 3, 1902, Vireinia de Bello, a na-
tive of Spain, aged 24 years.
DICKINSON — In this city, February 3. 1902,
Harvey, beloved husband of Marearet N.
Dickinson, father of August Dickinson, and
grandfather of Martaret. Mary and Harvey
Dickinson, a native of Granby, Mass., aged
81 years 3 months and 28 days.
E?"Funeral will take place Wednesday,
February 5, 1902, at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 424 Vallejo street. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
DWYER- In this city, February 1, 1902,
Lawrence J., beloved husband of Alice M.
Dwyer, father of Lawrence J. Jr. 'and Mar-
guerite Dwyer, and /brother of Annie F. and
Elizabeth M. Dwyer, a native of Boston,
Mass.. aged 43 years.
KrThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1320 Utah street, near Twenty-fourth,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EPTIXG — In this city, February 3, 1902,
Henry Epting, a native of Germany, aged 76
years 11 months and 23 days.
ET" Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2483
Mission street, near Twenty-first.
EVANS — In Altruria. Sonoma County, Cal.,
February 3, 1902, Arthur Herbert Evans, be-
loved husband of Emma Evans, and father
of Cora M.. Gladys E. and Arthur Herbert
'Evans, a native of Waukegan, 111., aped 62
years 7 months and 23 days.
FAY — In the City and County Hospital, Feb-
ruary 3. 1902, Frank Fay, a native of 1111-
j nois, aged 41 years.
! GRIFFITH— In Rome, Italy, February 2, 1902,
Edwin L, Griffith, aged 45 years.
HAMMESSLEY— In Oakland, February I,
1UC2, Alfred S.,' beloved husband of Eliza P.
Hammessley, a native of Canada, aged 01
years 4 months and 11 days.
!C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully incited to attend funeral services* Tues-
day, February 4, 1902, at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence, 10S9 East Twenty-fifth street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
HEINE— In this city. February 2. 1902. Henry
Heine, a native of Germany, aged 3G years
4 months and 13 days.
HERMAN— In the City and County Hospital, -<
February 2, 1902, George Herman, a native
of Germany, aged 45 years.
HOFFMAN — In this city, February 2, 1902,
. Hannah, dearly beloved wife of Solomon
Huffman, and Searly beloved mother of Sam,
Rose, Barney and Gussie Hoffman, Mrs.
Wilson, Mrs. Ratner and the late Ray Hoff-
man, and daughter of D. Goldberg, a native
of London, aged 47 years. (New York papers,
please copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 30 Moss &treet. Interment Salem
Cemetery, by carriages. '
HUSSEY — Entered into rest, February 3, 1902,
Simon, relict of Sara Hussey 1 , a native of
Tullamore, Kings County, Ireland, aged 88
years.
lC?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1141 -Taylor street, thence to St.
; Mary's Church (Paulist), where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
I repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment private.
) LANGE: — In this city, February 1, 1902, An-
drew W., dearly beloved husband of Jo-
j hannah Lange, father of Kittle, John, An-
nie and Charlotte Lange and' Mrs. William'
Howe, a native of Brooklyn, New York, aged
50 years 5 months and 2 days. (Brooklyn
and Xew York papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services Wed-
nesday, February 5, at 10:30 o'clock, at his
late residence. 184 Rues street, between Sixth
and Seventh. Howard and Folsom. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MARIN — In this city, February 2, 1902, Fran-
cisco, beloved husband of Natalia Marln,
formerly of 309 Turk street, a native of Ori-
zaba, Mexico, aged 38 years.
CyThe funeral will take place to-day
j (Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
I of Carew & English, 29 Van Nees avenue.
Interment private.
MARONEY— In this city, February 3, 19C2,
. Margaret, beloved wife of the late William
! Maroney, and sister of Anna S. Meeney. a
I native of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 4i>
years.
MARTIN— In the City and County Hospital,'
February 2. 1002, Frank Martin, a native
of Ireland, aged 0"0 years.
MULLIN — In this city, February 3, 1902,
James P. Mullln, brother of Lillie Mullln
and the late Henry. Charles and Robert Mul-
lin, a native of California, aged 36 years
and 4 months.
NIBLOCK— In this city, January 31, 1902.
George J., dearly beloved son of George and
Emma Niblock, brother of Freeman and
Alma Raymond Niblock, I grandson of Mary
and the late George W. Hanley, and nephew
of David Leonard and George and Miss Mary
Hanley and Mrs. H. Cummer, a native of
San Francisco, aged 14 years 4 months and
6 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services Tues-
day, February 4. at 2 o'clock, at 32«1 Fol-
som street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'GRADY — In La Porte, Plumas County, Cal
February 3, 1902, William, husband of the
late B. O'Grady, and father of Mrs. B. Wil-
liams of La Porte. Mrs. M. McGovern Mrs
M. Buckley and Mrs. E. G. Montgomery of
San Francisco, a native of Galway, Ireland,
aged 80 years 5 months and 19 days.
PEPLOW— In this city, February 3, 1902 Al-
bert Peplow, beloved brother of Cynthia
Keeling, a native of Tennessee, aged 13
years.
tcyRemains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 and 2» Fifth street.
PORCH— In this« city, February 3, 1902 Miss
Mary Porch, sister of the late Mrs. Sidney
Booth, a native of England, aged 87 years
E7"Interment to-day (Tuesday), at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train.
RICHARDSON — In this city, February 3 1902
George F., beloved son of Elizabeth and the
late Jchn Richardson, and brother of A. W.
John J., Edward W. and Frederick Richard-
con and Mrs. A. Wallace, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years and 15 days. A
member of Court Columbia No. 55, F. of A
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
; (Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 605 Natoma street, thence to St
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high maas
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
commencing at I) o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . .
RILEY — In this city, February 2, 1002 Peter
Riley, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
SHEA — In this city, .' cbruary 1, 1902 Mrs
Mary Shea, beloved mother of Mrs: 'james
Redington and the late Mrs. Jennie Holland
and Thomas and James Shea, formerly of
Moores Flat, Nevada County, a ¦ native of
Ireland. ¦
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesd'iv
February 4. at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1058 Market street, thence to St i
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass'
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul '
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
STERN— In this city,- February 2, 1902 Abra-
ham. beloved husband of Rosalie Stern, and
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher )
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
• 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
6AN BRUNO HILLS.
V'j % OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United' Undertakers' 'Association; M. J:
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.,- have opened new- Funeral Par-
. lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh !
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.., v
REMOVED!
McGinn bros., .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS, to 224 and 228 McAllister st. (For-
merly of 31 Eddy gt. ' Tel. South 252.)
father of Mrs. Marc H. Levy, Mrs. B, Scha-
plro and Louis A. and Sigmund Stern, a na-
tive of Ostrova, West Prussia, aged 66 years."
E7 Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1340 Ellis street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
f rom. Third. and Townsend streets. .
CHIEFS and members of Miantonomah Tribe
No. 9,- Improved Order . of Red Men, aro
earnestly requested • to attend j the funeral
of our late brother, Abraham Stern, from
the residence, 1340 Ellis street. By order of
E-. A. GREBNBLATT, Sachem.
By L. M. LEISEN, C. of R.
OFFICERS and members of the Congregation
Sherith Israel are requested to attend the
• funeral of our late member, Abraham Stern,
this (Tuesday) morning, at 10:15 o'clock,
from 1340 Ellis street. ¦ .
• CHARLES HARRIS. Preaident.
ALEXANDER L. BADT, Secretary. ¦
OFFICERS and members First Hebrew Benev-
olent Society: You are' respectfully requested
¦ to attend the funeral of our late treasurer,
A. Stern, this morning (Tuesday), at 10:15
o'clock, from his late residence. '1340 Ellis
Street. / S. ZEKIND, Secretary.
TOOHET— In this city, February 2/1902, Ed-
v mond Toohey, a native of Ireland, aged 62
years.' ¦ ' .
VIERS — In Oakland. February 3. 1902, Estelle
Elizabeth, wife of. Albert S. Viers, a native
of San Francisco, aged 31 years.
WALDRON — In ! East Oakland, February 2,
1902, Arthur, • son of Arthur and Freda
' Waldron, a native of California, aged S days.
CARD OF THANKS.
"We herewith desire to express our grati-
tude to ' thd many friends who gave their
heartfelt and comfortine sympathy and nu-
merous tokens of -friendship during the sad
hours of our bereavement of loving son and
brother. MR. and MRS. CALDWELL and
GEORGE P. CALDWPJLL.
Sfianahan Florist Co.
.*& ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.NEAi.ELL.iS 2£Sf 5053Dr. \ Geo.- Stallmah;. Dentist, ; 1J20 Slitter sU*
: Men's all-wool sults.V made' by, Adler=&
Sons.of .Chicago^worth $20, are ; now. being
sold for $4 85.:These suits are superb," fash
ionable, tailor-made.» - Be " sure^and j come
around- and you will buy ; one at' the Ly-'
ceum.clothing'sale; 915 Market street, op
fiosite-Masont v • • ; ¦ -•••:
This Is Intended - for Everybody.
Charles 'Blue, ' a ¦ carpenter, while at
'work on- a v new;\ building- -at ¦ Fifteenth
avenue and Q ! street south, ; fell ; from the
scaffolding ! yesterday, sustaining-. a slight
Injury -¦ to;. his r spine. ¦-: He was-treated- at
jthe- City and; County,- Hospital, "after
which, he 'was removed 'to his home. .
Carpenter Tails From a -Building.
Deputy Fish', .Commissioner . ,W. ¦ A.
Schultz. arrested a man: who gave his
name as Alexander. Smith in front of the
Hall of Justice yesterday! for violation of
the game law. which » forbids the posses
sion of wild ducks during the close season '
Attorney. Cook of the. Fish Commission
states that the . alleged Smith is . really
, Alexander .Truman, a special-police-or
ficer. v . ',..¦"._;'
Game Law Violator Caught.
; Professor- H: W. Rolfe of Stafford Uni
versity lectured last night at Academy of
Science Hall on "Oxford." He described
the picturesque environments of that col
lege; the spirit of the students, their love
for the historic university and many of
the features of the ¦ sports and. customs,
that are historic in their connection with
life there. The- lecture . was illustrated
with an excellent | selection of stereootf
con>views and numbers, of the 1 scenea
brought back recollections of college days
to: many of: the large audience^
Lectures on Oxford.
Nolan & . Co j ; corner Seventh ; and j Mar
ket; } Odd '^Fellows' building, have- moved
across the street to ; 1308 Market. In the
new Callaghan. -building. ;V . v- • ¦
E. G.;Westmore was'held'to' answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Mogan
yesterday on the second charge of assault
to murder, in $3000 bonds. The complain
ing witness, Charles Tenne, a bartender,
was able to appear, in court on crutches.
Christmas night Westmore shot Hans Al
"verson; night, clerk in the. Montgomery-
Hotel, 227 - Second . street,' and Tenne." He
was he!d . to. answer on .- the Alverson
chame- last week. ;; -.-v- -. v !
, Westmofe Held to Answer.
'Applications for civil service examin
ation will be received at the office of the
United States Lighthouse Inspector, '404
Safe Deposit building, during the next
thirty days. The examination will be held
to select ellglbles from which appoint
ments of assistant keepers "of lighthouses
will.be made in. the twelfth ' lighthouse
district (California). ¦ Applicants must be
of citizens of the United States over
eighteen and under fifty years of *a~e J
B. Milton, commander. U. S. N Is cnair
man of the local civil service board for
the lighthouse service. , . " u IOi
Keepers of Lighthouses.
• Forecaster., McAdie'-', reports- that ;> the'
weather for ¦ January,; was very unusual.
The' lack of moisture was especially, no
ticeable, only 1.23 inches qfrainf air being
registered.V.The average 'rainfall for Jan
uary is 4.85 inches. Nearly four inches less
of rain fell in' December -than in the same
month of- other years. . ; ' - T ' .. . .
The peculiar / conditions ,. prevailng at
present are laid to'the'exlstence of an ex
traordinarily »high air' pressure in, Utah
and Idaho/ ¦- Crops in the interior are suf
fering from the long-continued', dryness,
and there Is an urgent'.need of rain in all
the agricultural districts.:- / ' • • .'
Rain fell pretty 'generally throughout
the northern part of .California yesterday.
The Weather Bureau officials predict that
both the central and northern parts of
the State will have numerous showers to
day. The temperature, has moderated con.
siderably, and it is stated ..that normal
conditions may now be expected to pre
vail. . :. - . -¦
ure Is Reported for the Month
of January.
Unusually Small Amount of /Moist-
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
! RECEIVES. SOME/ RAIN
i There are other "'goings-on" at the MaM
Fon Alladfo on Grant avenue besides the
making of .famous \cheese andUhe filling
of epicurean stomachs. The owners of
the' restaurant are quarreling and the
courts have' been appealed to to settle
their difficulties. Joseph Negro,' who witn
Peter Alladio conducts the place, has
asked the Superior Court to appoint a
receiver to take charge of the business
pending the trial -of a suit for an-ac
counting and a dissolution of partnership
filed by Negro yesterday. , ,
Negro accuses Alladio of taking more
than his share of the profits of the busi
ness. .He alleges further that the defend
ant, afterfwhom the restaurant is named
has made entries in the books of the con
cern showing that he has expended largo
sums for the- benefit of s the business
when in reality he -has .spent the monev
on himself. Negro . alleges further ¦ thn't'
the business has been ruined through Al
ladio's failure to "give 'his time and atten
tion to It. ¦ •¦¦¦-¦- " , • ,' , - . y , y, v < i
taurant Business for an Ac
counting.
Joseph Negro Sues Partner in Res-
CLAIMS ; PETER •
FALSIFIED ' HIS ACCOUNTS
' Frank Brooks, the young> married man
w.-o was arrested for swindling newsboys,
had the charge of .vagrancy;: against him
dismissed uy Judge Conlan yesterday. \xa
was promptly arrested", on,: a., charge' of
¦ misdemeanor embezzlement; "the;.-com
plaining witness being, Leonard Splnettl.
a newsboy living at 171£. Stockton street,
and the amount , forty-five cents. . Brooks'
; wife was in court.'-but shedid riot create
a scene as was' expected ;i from; what : oc
curred Saturday ¦ morning.' ¦-' : ¦..¦.* ¦•¦•-.",.: ' ' /
Accused' of Swindling /Newsboys.
;A petition signed by 18S1 property own
ers was filed yesterday with the Board of
Supervisors ; requesting that ' a uniform
rate be charged for gas and electric light
ing. The petition directs attention to the
fact that gas and electric current Is be
ing sold by the companies engaged in the
business at rates ranging from 50 cents
to.ll 40 per 1000 cubic feet for gas and 3Vi
to 11 cents per 1000 watt-hours for electric
current, the prices depending upon the
condition of . competition i existing or
threatened In various parts of the city
The petitioners ask that there be insert
ed In the next ordinance fixing the rate a
provision requiring the , companies to
maintain uniform, rates, and a further
provision ' that if any company fixes a
less rate, to any -consumer, it shall
be unlawful to exact a higher rate from
any other consumer, so that -unjust dis
crimination shall cease.
ors to Pass Measure Prohibiting
Unjust Discrimination.
Property Owners Bequest Supervis-
PETITION FOR UNIFORM
GAS AND ELECTRIC RATES
' The Stable and Carriage Owners' Asso
ciation forwarded a petition ',) signed y by,
more than a thousand citizens . yesterday
to the Board of Supervisors that the speed
of automobiles be limited : commensurate
• with the speed of road horses. The rpetl
,tion says:, .- ; : '-, v ,;'; '¦'.•' '- ,; -.¦-"? )
I We petition your> honorable ;, ? take
immediate . action ; to. rectify the reckless ¦¦ and
dangerous manner. In which automobiles" are
driven - over the streets ' .by - compelling .the
¦operators to slacken speed when approaching
a horse and to etoo if the horse be frightened.
Also that each machine carry ; a _•, significant
number prominently displayed so that in 'the
eve -it of any infraction of. the regulations the
violator may be noticed. . : ;.-.. •..*,,/. :
WOULD REGULATE THE
"SPEED OF AUTOMOBILES
William J.'Grisette was acquitted by a
Jury in Judge Cook's court yesterday of a
charge of robbery. ''He was accused - of
robbing John * Badnasty of 720 Howard
street, of $450 on 'Fourth street.' on the
night of December 11. Grisette was ar
rested almost immediately afterward and
only $2 15 was found in his pockets. Bad
nasty did not. make his appearance and
it is supposed has .left the city.
The jury was out nearly four hours and
came into court three: times for instruc
tions. The last time the Judge Instructed
them to bring in 1 a verdict of acquittal,
seeing they could: not agree, as the testi
mony for the prosecution was very weak.
On the first ballot the Jury stood six to
six and on , the last eight i for conviction
and four for acquittal. • .
Judge Instructed Them . as
to Verdict.
Jury Could Not « Agree ;, and *. the
GRISETTE • ACQUITTED
¦ , OF' ROBBERY CHARGE
Frost Case Continued.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals y*>5terday granted a further stay of
sixty days in the matter of " C. A. S.
Frost, sentenced to one. year's imprison
ment for contempt.
Lande reported the inalter ta the police
and furnished them with a good descrip
tion of the footpad.
• P. J. Land?, a contractor, who lives at
227 Hayes street, was held up and rol>be<l
by a lone footpad about 11 o'clock last
night on Franklin 6treet, near Market.
The highwayman relieved Lande of about
J7 in money and a gold watch.
Lande saw the robber walking in front
of. him but did not suspect his purpose
until the man suddenly wheeled around
iind throwing a revolver up to Lam!e',s
head ordered him to throw up his hands.
Lar.o> obeyed and was relieved of his
valuables. , •,
and Watch on Franklin
. . Street. \
P. J. Lande Robbed of His Money
CONTRACTOR HELD
UP BY A FOOTPAD
.Mme. Nordica has v ;been suffering from
a severe nervous^shock as the result of a
railway accident! '.which. -occurred some
weeks ago in Georgia 1 . ' For some days she
apparently suffered no inconvenience, bin
after reaching this coast she was , com
pelled to cancel a number of engagements
in the southern part of the State. Instead
of allowing her to v rest;. there she was
hurried to this city.', and the journey ap
parently was too much for her.
-Her local managers, however, express
themselves as confident that she will be
able to give her first recital on Thursday
evening, and announce her appearance on
that night.- Her second appearance is an
nounced for Saturday afternoorr and the
third for next Monday night. The pro
gramme as- announced will remain un-
Shanged.but the programme scheduled
for tl-night .will be. rendered on Monday
night. An exchange of tickets to suit the
convenience of, patrons is also announced.
Reports from the apartments of Mme.
Nordica at the Palace Hotel indicate that
she is still a very sick woman and all
communication with her has. been abso
lutely forbidden by her physicians. Al
though it was announced, that her condi
tion had greatly improved, still 'the pre
cautions that are being taken, to insure
her absolute rest and quiet indicate that
her recovery has' not been as rapid as
was hoped for: She was scheduled to sing
to-night, but it will be impossible for her
to do so.
Clarke at one time was a deacon of
Calvary Presbyterian Church, but later
embraced Catholicism.
While acting as clerk Clarke studied
law and was admitted to practice. He
appeared in a number of minor cases for
Chief Crowley and was moderately suc
cessful. He" acquired considerable prop
erty, but after his retirement from office
Tils fortune dwindled away. A great deal
of his money was spent In fruitless litiga
tion and creditors finally forced him into
insolvency.
Clafke was married three times and
leaves a wife and son, Alfred. The fu
neral will take place to-morrow from St.
Agnes Church,, on Masonic avenue, be
tween Oak and Page streets, where a sol
emn requiem mass will be celebrated
The Interment will .take place in Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
Clarke was connected with the police
force for more than eighteen years. His
first appointment was on December 31,
1856, but he was removed on December 1,
.1868. Three years later he was reappoint
ed to the force. When John Short was
promoted and placed in charge - of the
Southern police district. Chief of Police
Crowley appointed Clarke his clerk, a po
sition that he filled until his resignation
on December 31, 1877.
Alfred Clarke died yesterday morning at
his residence, 1208 Masonic avenue of gen
eral debility. He was born in Wexford,
Ireland, in 1832.
judge Cabaniss seemed to voice the
opinion of the other Judges when he said:
"I am in full sympathy with the Chief
in having the ordinance rigidly enforced
arid I will inflict punishment when neces
sary. "But in an ordinary' case, when a
man simply in a thoughtless way expec
torates on the sidewalk he' has' a ride in
the patrol wagon. 'spends a few hours in
prison and is compelled to appear in court
next morning. I consider all that is suf
ficient punishment, with a reprimand add
ed. The wholesale arrests • now being
made should bring about the desired re
sult." . : . ¦
Thirty-four ,men who were, arrestedj in
different parts of the city Sunday for ex
pectorating on the sidewalk appeared in
the Police Courts yesterday morning.
Some had been ; . able to. give ball, but
many spent the night in the City Prison.
Judge Mogan had eleven; before him, all
of whom were -allowed to go. . Judge
Fritz had" nine. -The- cases against six of
these were dismissed and. three were con
tinued till to-day. ' Judge Conlan had
eight cases, four being dismissed and four
continued till to-day. Judge 'Cabaniss had
six, four being dismissed and two con
tinued. \ ¦ ¦ -f ¦ • - : ¦ " .'
Police Judges Will Assist in Having
f the Ordinance Rigidly f,k^' ! :
Enforced. . '' / '
EXPECTORATORS GET " ;t i -'
OFF WITH, REERIMAND
Management States That
She Will Appear on
. .-
Life's Book Closes for
Unique San Francisco* '
Character.
I "I have not been notified officially as
vet, though the announcement does not
take me wholly by surprise."
: While unwilling to say anything about
the appointment. Wheeler admitted that
it was in no sense a political one, nor was
it brought about through any influence
of a political- nature. Although a Repub
lioian. he has never taken an active part
in nolitics, but' has devoted his enthusi
asm to matters pertaining to "university
life. For years he has been much inter
ested In -the higher education, and partic
ularly in the public school system.
Mr. Wheeler was born in Alameda
County In 1863, his father, the late
Charles C. Wheeler, having come to Cal
ifornia from Maine in the early days.
He is a graduate of the University of
California of the clas-of 1884, and after
attending the law department of that in
stitution "was admitted .to the bar of this
State : in 18S6:~ Soon, after that "he joined;
practice with the late , Judge , John H.
Boalt,'. and was also one of the law firm
of Garber, Boalt & Bishop. ;He remained
a partner of the firm as long as it exist
ed and then joined Interests with the
present' firm of Bishop. « Wheeler &
Hoefler. . v ;*. '":'¦• '.
J. B. Wright for Bank Commissioner.
The Governor. causes the announcement
Not Officially Notified
QOVERNOR GAGE yesterday ap
pointed Charles S. Wheeler Re
gent of the State University to
fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Albert Miller. The
term for which the late Mr. Miller was
appointed ends in 190S. hence Mr. Wheel
er is appointed to serve until that year.
The Governor also reappointed !«".
Hellman Regent to succeed himself. The
full term of sixteen years for which Mr.
Hellman, who is president of the Navada
Bank, is appointed will riot- expire until
1918. - - ••
Mr. Wheeler, while not altogether sur
prised, was very much gratified to re
ceive the intelligence of his appointment.
He said: .
A brief session of the Board of Educa
tion yesterday afternoon was enlivened by
a debate between :' Attorney Stephen V.
Costello, representing Miss Mary McKin
ney, and School Director Denman. Cos
tello appeared before the, board in refer
ence to the trial of his s client, which was
set for this morning. He first objected
to proceeding to'triai on the charges pre
sented on the ground, that they were not
properly filed. The board refused to listen
to Costello on this subject.
"Then I object to Mr. Denman sitting
in. judgment on Misa McKinney on the
ground that he has already expressed an
opinion • regarding my client.'! said Cos
.tello. • The opinion referred to was a pur
ported .interview with Denman published
.in an, evening, paper. . ,
• ','PV? se word s were put in my mouth,"
said Denman. "I never uttered them."
' • I propose to sue out a writ of injunc
tton to prevent you sitting on the case,"
retorted Costello. :' -• '
*.^? en #"«? -board;- decided .to begin the
trial of Miss McKinney on Friday morn
ing at, 10 o'clock. If Costello can prevent
Denman from participating in the trial
only two members can act, .as Mark has
already admitted. his bias and as two do
not comprise a quorum it would be im
possible to proceed.
The monthly demands for January, with
the exception of those of five substitute
teachers, were passed without objection
Superintendent Webster claimed these
five were not regularly appointed, but the
board decided to place them on the list.
Webster later signed the demands.
Director- of Having Given Utter
ance ' to. His Opinions.
Attorney Costello Accuses the School
OBJECTS TO,, DE2OIAN
CLIENT
The .first two of these will hold office
one year, the next for two years, the next
for three years and the last for four
years.' ; . ¦ ¦
State Board of Dental Examiners— C. A.
Herrlck of Amador, vice-F. J. Bethel, resigned.
Ivotaries for San Francisco — H. B. Lister
ylce Lee p. Craig; G. T. Knox, Addle L. Bal
loy li. L - Meinlnger. to succeed themselves.
Directors of California Polytechnic School
Senator S. C. Smtth of Bakersfleld, William
Graves and W. M. John, of San Luis Oblspo.
r »""^i of Santa Cruz and E. J. Wickson
to be made in Sacramento that he will
appoint Colonel J. B. Wright Bank Com
missioner, to succeed John Markley of
Sonoma, whose term of office expires on
the 23d inst. The salary attached to the
office is $3600 per annum. In December
next the Governor will be entitled to ap
point two more Bank .Commissioners to
succeed A, W. Barrett and Bernard Mur
phy. .
Other appointments as follow are an
nounced: •. ¦
DEATH CLAIMS
ALFRED CLARKE
REGENT OF THE UNIVERSITY' OF CALIFORNIA WHO HAS BEEN
REAPPOINTED TO SERVE FOR SIXTEEN YEARS, AND MAN WHO
WILLBE MADE BANK COMMISSIONER.
In the Divorce Courts.
Judge Graham granted Lizzie A. Bada
rous a divorce from S. B. Badarous yes
terday on the ground of cruelty. Su<t3
for divorce were filed by Mary Petrcne
against Burt Petrone for cruelty, Matilda
Chochesy against John J. Chochesy for
desertion and Charles H. Grant against
Florence Grant for desertion.
Stubborn Juror Fined.
George F. Eberhard, who refused to
obey a summons to appear in court and
serve as a juror, was fined $10 for con
tempt of court and given a warning not to
repeat the offense by Judge Graham yes
terday. Eberhard keeps a hardware stor**
at 431 Ellis street.
NORDICA STILL
KEEPS TO ROOM
te-rj-slHOMAS J. MAHONEY," one of the
*| l"* best known bunko men on the
II " coast, . committed siricide yester-
JX day by shooting himself- through
the heart with a revolver. He
fired three; shots. at himself. Two of the
bullets entered his chest, one passing
through the heart and the other' barely
missing it. The third bullet went wide
of the mark and imbedded itself in a wail
of the room. The deed was committed at
558 Stevenson* street, where Mahoney
lodged. A flask half-full of whisky was
Among his papers were two bank books
in the name of "W. B. Little." which is
believed to have been his right name.
One was of the Merchants' and Farmers'
Bank of Los Angeles, showing $10C0 to his
credit. The other was of the Broadway
Bank and Trust Company of Los Angeles,
showing $150 to his credit. He had check
books of these banks and also of the
Commercial Bank of Kansas City, Mo.
Mahoney first came. under the* notice of
the police during the Midwinter Fair,
when he was arrested along with a large
number of local and outside bunko men,
pickpockets and crooks generally. He wa«»
a big, "rawboned" appearing man and
.was known as the "Irish farmer." He
got this name when he was arrested about
four years ago. Asked by Judge Conlan
what his occupation was, he replied "a
farmer," and said he owned two lodging
houses in Los Angeles. Altogether he ha3
been arrested about fifty times within the
last seven years. A few months ago he
was brought before the late Chief Sullivan
and promised to leave the city. He went
to Kansas City and must have returned
recently.
found in the room. It is believed that
Mahoney was intoxicated when he made
away with himself. His wife is in Los
Angeles, and some of Mahoney's friends
say that he had had a quarrel with her
and that his despondency may have been
caused by that.
THE "IRISH • FARMER," NOTO
RIOUS BUNKO MAN, WHO COM
MITTED SUICIDE YESTERDAY.-
The police -now think that St. Louis
Frank is the man who was wounded by
two bullets from Policeman Robinson's
revolver and that after he saw, that the
policeman was lying helpless on the
ground he returned and fired several shots
into his body The prisoner will be taken
to San Francisco for trial' in three or four
days. The man who', came with St. Louis
Frank from San Francisco is said to have
fled to Seattle.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 2.— St. Louis
Frcnk. arrested here for complicity in the
murder of Policeman Robinson.' still de
nies that he is the man wanted and as
serts that he does not know any of the
men mentioned in connection with the
murder. A rumor was current that the
thug had confessed, but this is not so.
The prisoner was examined to-day by
Chief of Police McLauchlan and Detect vj
Sergeant J. F. Dinan of. San Francigce
but he could not be induced to talk abou .
the murder and insisted on asldng why lie
is held. ¦
About His Cas3.
DEXTES HE IS MAN WANTED.
St. Louis Frank Refuses to Talk
rived vhc-ic- •.--•> ¦•¦» • v
It will b* several days before the pris
oner will be oruught back to tne city, Sa
the extraction papens-trtil not write-in
Portland until this mowing, and Lexoie
the unsoner can oe Ui«.«:u iwm uie ss^ate
vt Oregon I3ttee.i*e lnnaii will nave to
make a trip to u.tm, t.«c capital. vt Ore
gon, to serve ihc papers on me yo\trajr.
'I uk stoij' oi "to... i>ou.s Ftaiib. s ' «-ap
tuie cieaied quite a t'eircation in- ponce
cncies yestemuy. xnc ! capture ui
••jt*iowtile," witn two bunet nU.-s in nis
bouy, which wtre irulictt-a by x**iceman
Komnsou as he grappfeu vun tne iuuj,,
•was simply anottiei verification of iti«
CalJ's exclusive story oi t.ne aetaiis cf
hu'w the murder whs committed and now
many men there were iru.»acateu m the
toui cxime. .-¦ • • . ' ¦,'„'¦
Capiam Seymour notified Chief of Po
lice Aici.a"usiiiun ct f uruanu to be on
tue lookout iur . "browme'.' tind another
member of the gar.g wna left tne city t"«:
day after the xnura'er... L^xter, ...when J-.aPj
tain t>t>mour anu cnief- »«««.tiiu.»i receiveu
gooa <iescnptioiiS of tne men tiiey tele
graphea to Chiti McLaugiuaiL anu otmr.
authorities noith and south lo watch all
trains and arrest aa bUs-picious Charncten*
that came their way., chief McUaugman
had •"Urownie" watched and when, he
ascertained that tne thug answered, the
description sent by the local authorities
he plated him unuer arrest.
Captain Seymour icceived a letter yes
terd-iy from the Pmkeiton Detective
Agency in reply to one sent i»y him sev-'
eral cays ago. The letter stated thist the
only member of the gang known to tnem
was "St. Louis Fiaiik," the man now
unaer arrest.- ¦ It also contained the in
formation that the thug was implicated
in a bank robbery at Broriaugh, Ale.', on
the night of October 19. He was assisted
in the robbery by "Illinois Danny" and
"St. Louis Fat." The trio were inter
rupted In their work by the Town Mar
shal, whom they killed. The trto escaped
and then went through Missouri and
Kansas robbing :>ostoffices.
Extradition papers for Frank Brown, J
alias Frank Woods, alias Harmon Hart
rode alias "St. Louis Brownie." alias "St
Louis l'Yank." now under arrest at Port
land lor the murder of Policeman Robin
son, v.cre issued yesterday by Governor
Lteiective Wren was detailed by Captain
Seymour tog« to Sacramento and atttnd.
to the' Jf calis of getting out, the .papers
and yesterday 'morning he' telcgrayheu-.
Seymour that. he. had sent. the payers off
to Poitiand on the morning train. The
chitf at detectives also received a-mes
sage lust «ight lVohi Chici .JUcLausrnhin
of f Qrilana-stating that the piteotier had.
been positively iuenuued ai "St. , Louis
Frank" ami tnat u^ecuve Uinau h-a«- ar-
Miss Pyatt in her testimony told how
Buckley had drawn a revolver and fired
four shots into Rice's bofly as he was
falling and as he lay on the ground. The
long cross-examination of Miss Pyatt in
the Police Court failed to'shake her tes
timony in the slightest degree, and the
testimony given by. her was listened to
most carefully when it was read to the
jury yesterday afternoon.
Walter B. Dexter, a machinist, was
called by the prosecution, and he testified
to the fact that- Rise was a non-union
workman during the recent labor strikes^
and that he was known as a "scab."
Dexter's evidence was presented in "or
der to connect Buckley with the state
ment he made on the night that Rice
was murdered— that he, \ Buckley, "was
going out after a scab." " '
The further hearing of the trial will be
resumed this morning at 10 o'clock. . ..
Bucklev Fired Fatal Shots.
Police Jud&e Mogan was called to tes
tify. that Miss Erline .Pyatt had been a
witness in the preliminary examination of
/Buckley. Stenographer O. W. Long tes
tified to having taken- down the evidence
of Mfss .Pyatt, and 'identified the tran
script produced by the prosecution.
The. attorneys for Buckley made every
effort to keep the transcript out of the
case and quibbled over technical points.
In order to have the transcript admitted
Jn evidence the prosecution called Miss
Esther M. Gray, who testified that she
hud typewritten the transcript from dic
tation given by Stenographer Long, with
the exception of about 100 pages of the
document. Long testified that he. had him
self typewritten the balance of the trail-,
script. It was then admitted in evidence.
The bulk of the nfiertioon session was
taken up with the reading to the jury of.
the - evidence and cross-examination . of
Miss Erline Pyattin the Police Court.-
The evidence of the young lady showed
that she was with her father on a How
ard street car on the evening of October
n last, and that a man stood in front of
her on the dummy of the car. This man
was Identified by the witness as beinjr
Buckley. Miss Pyatt. also asserted that
he was the man who jumped from the car
at Howard and -Twentieth streets, where
Rice was being clubbed by another 1 man.
Important Evidence Produced.
: , The trial of William Buckley, the ma
chinist, who with Thomas Moran, Charles
Donnelly and Edward Duncan ' stands ac
cused of ' having murdered. George W.
Rice,' a non-union machinist, by shooting
him on the night ~of October 11 last at
Howard and Twentieth" streets; was re-'
sumed yesterday morning before Superior-
Judge Lawlor and a jury.
Ther hearing of evidence in the case had
been postponed for some days on account
of the absence from; the city of Walter
Pyatt and his daughter, Erline Pyatt,. im
portant witnesses for the prosecution. ¦" .'
Pyatt arrived . from the City of Mexico
on Sunday last, and when he appeared in
court yesterday he announced that his
daughter was ill in. the City of
and; -was unable to be present at the trial.
Pyatt testified that he was on a Howard
street car on ihe evening of October 11
andahat he saw Buckley jump from thy
car ' and . shoot Rice, who was being
clubbed by another -man. The cross-ex
amination by the defense failed to shake
the evidence of the -witness. '•- ,¦-
Police Otlicer Brown testified that when
he placed Buckley under arrest the pris
oner had a scar on the side of his face.
This evidence was most important,- as it
was a strong point in the identification of
liuckley by Mr. Pyatt's daughter. ¦
,.: There was a legal battle between the at
torneys for the prosecution and the de
fense when it was sought to introduce the
transcript of the evidence given by Miss
Erline Pyatt in the Police Court.
but n^ e or S"nization, was read
the resignation d have her w »thdravsr
She appointed a committee composed of
Ma« P Sr t n^ e " aEd Mrs - Thomas
Alagee far. to wait upon Mrs. Whlt8 and
appeal to her to reconsider her action
.Federation Convention.
: To-day the California Women's Clubs*
' S° « ven n»E W t lU c , onvene in QoldSn Gate
H «1 ! L ir D i e leg ? u ,' rom an »ver the State
will be in attendance. Matters of great
importance to the ninety cubs composing
the federation will be discussed and set
tied. The sessions will continue until Fri
day. More than 1000 delegates have been
appointed. They will represent a total
membership of 7000. The public has been
invited to attend and listen to the dellb«
erations of the body. Following is the
programme for the lirst day of the con
vention:
Tuesday, February 4, 8 a. m.— The creden
tials committee will receive and enroll dele
gates. It Is desirable that this be accomplished
as early in the day as possible. 1-.3U p. r.i. —
Council meeting of executive board and the
presidents of clubs. 2:30 p. m. — General meet
ing. Invocation, lira. I. M. Condit. Oakland:
•cello solo, (a) "Romance" (Grutzmacher>.
(b) "Tarantelle" (Popser), Paul Friedhofer.
Miss A. Susel ¦ accompanist: address of wel
come, Hon. Eugene K. Schmlt z. : Mayor of San
Francisco: address of welcome, Mrs. Louise
AVeinmann, vice president San Francisco dis
trict; response by the president, Mrs. Robert
J. Burdette: aria from "Le Nozze di Fisaro"
(Mozart), Mrs. Paul Friedhofer: fraternal,
greetings: announcement of committee on rules
and regulations; announcement of committee on
resolutions; vocal solos, <a) "Ye "Who Have
Learned" (Tschaikowaky). (b) "Sprinjr Flowers"
(Reinecke), Mr. and Mrs. Paul Friedhofer.
8 p. m. — Reception at Golden Gate Hall, given
by the clubs of San Francisco' district to the
California Federation of Women's Clubs.
Daughters of Pioneers.
The Daughters of California Pioneers
held a meeting yesterday and appointed
delegates to the California Federation of
Women's Clubs' Convention. It was
unanimously agreed by the members that
the delegation go uninatructed to the con
vention. The sense ol the meeting in re
gard to the admission of colored women to
the federation -was against that move
ment. A vote plainly showed that the
members were not in favor of colored
women beins admitted.
It was a regular business meeting of
the organization. Mrs. Mary McWilliams
Morse presided. Three propositions were
considered. One was the question of re
organization, the second the color question
and the third changing the day of club
election. - The discussion was Informal
and was participated in by all those pres
ent.
It was decided not to change the date of
club election and the delegates will ex
press their club's feeling in the conven
tion. The delegates elected are: Mrs.
Mary McWilliams Morse and Eliza I>.
Keith: alternates. Miss Lucy F. Adams
and Mrs. Ella Lees Leigh.
Testimony Given by Erline
Pyatt in Police Court
. Read to Jury. ;.
Thug Was Implicated in the
Murder of a Missouri
Marshal
Federation of Women's Clubs
Holds Its Convention
To-Day.
Governor Gage Issues
Necessary Papers for j
¦ ' His Return.
Is Resumed.
Trial of .William Buckley
' on Charge. of Murder
Mrs. Lovell White Is
Asked to Becon
sider.
T.J, Mahoney, Known as "The Irish Farmer," Be
comes Despondent for Some Unknown Reason
. and-MakesAway With Himself in Tragic Manner
NOTED BUNKO MAN FIRES TWO
BULLETS INTO HIS OWN HEART
RESIGNATION
NOT ACCEPTED
"BROWNIE" WILL
BE EXTRADITED
RICE'S SLAYER
IS IDENTIFIED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtt, . TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4j 1902.
Governor Appoints Charles S. Wheeler Regent of
State University and Reappoints I. W. Hel|man.
Polytechnic School Directors and Notaries Named
COLONEL J. B. WRIGHT IS SLATED
FOR A BANK COMMISSIONERSHIP
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H c ?L E JBff$
bUk ' a
Fitter*
When your head aches and you
fee! weak nervous, your
stomach is out of order. The Bit-
ters should be. taken at once.. It
sets the stomach right and cures
Headache, Indigestion, Consti-
pation, and Nervousness.
LV» /*? r K $ l 'W* ¦ A ! « • a Klectrlo
¦o«ii (with mtpm iory) Is
guaranteed to possess all th«
curative properties of the expensive belts
now sold by-doctors and druggists. It rlv«»
* very strong current of electricity and 19 i
easily resulated. Bound to aupersed» i
others. Can be had from the underslznM *
only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Clr-
fular free. Call t c address PIERCE EI^C-
TRIC CO.. 200 Peis. «t.. San Francisco, or
1145 Broadway. New York.
AFnl! Set of Teeth $5.09.
Guaranteed to be servlc-able. natural looklns
and comfortable. Difficult cases a specialty. If
your plates do not fit we can make ones that
do. Teeth extracted free when plates are made.
; chalmersHdental co.,
San Francisco- 133 Powell Street.
DR.MGMJLTI"
rpHlH WEIX-KNOWN ASDRKUABLJ3 OLD
I S;M>cUli»texrr.t C!oo<'l Pi>i*ji». (ionorrhoBii.Olpft,
Mtrictur^, feipmirittlWeatness. Impotence ai.d their
allied r>iM>rder9. Hook on Uneues of Men. free
Ovcr20y«»nr»Vxpcrieitce.Tprmnreasonable.Honr«.
StoSdaily ;6::»tf>3.30?v's;s. Rnndays.10 W 13. C»nsu!-
tationireeaud sacredly conlldeiulil. Call ortddrts-v*
P. JftOSCOEMcNUIiTY.M.D.
8©^ K.carnj ttt., feaa Jt'ranciaco. C«ju
'/ '. ' • ¦.¦'.' r"^
Gu r Ni nety =cen t Hats
We have not said much about our 90 cent hats
of late, as they have sold about as fast as we could
get them out from the factory, but \ve are just in
receipt of another big shipment whiclij Enable
us to till the demand now. The assortment' repre-'
sents all the shapes — Derbys, Fedoras, Graecos,
Crushers and Pantourists in all the popular shades.
You know we make a leader, of these 90 cent,
hats, othenvise the price would be $i^o.; : -~
0ui-of-:own orders tiffed— write (/$.
- ? v ! 718 Market Street.