PRINCIPALS IN ; A REMARKABLE WEDDING AT WASHINGTON YES
TERDAY WHICH WAS ATTENDED BY THE PRESIDENT AND HIS
jj FAMILY* AND MANY OTHER PERSONS OF DISTINCTION.'
, Continued on : Page Two* ;j;
Wrecked on the Mexican Coast.
GALVfcSTON, Tex.. Feb. C.-The Nor
wegian steamer Dudley was wrecked on
the Mexican coast near Vera Cruz, to
which port she was bound from Port Ar
thur with a cargo of 350,000' feet of pine
lumber. All hands were saved.
STOCKTON. Feb., 6. -The pol'ce author
ities here are .now satisfied of the Identl
.ficatioh of the woman whose body is in
the Morgue, and do not question that it Is
that bf Mrs. Hammond Moore. The body
will . probably be buried to-morrow. Tha
date for the inquest has not been Mi.
Inquiry at Stockton Ended. '
LONDON. Feb. 6.— From Calcutta the
correspondent of the Daily Mail in a dis
patch says there Is little doubt that India
is threatened with another severe famine.
This is the more to be dreaded because,
the area affected is practically the same
that has been ravaged during the past
two years.
Much depends upon the rainfall during
the coming fortnight, continues the cor
respondent, as a'j large portion, of- the
spring crop is still capable* of being saved.'
Famine Threatens India.
BAKER CITY. Or.. Feb. 6.— E. A. Fren
zel, a prominent mining engineer, who ac
cidentally : fell over the banister from the
second-floor stair landing , at the Saga
more Hotel last, evening. 1 . wa3 so badly
hurt that the physician says he> cannot
recover. . .Freniel's- family resides at
Berkeley. Cal. /
Mining Engineer Fatally Hurt
London Newspaper Sues Balfour.
LONDON, Feb. C.-The Sun has brought
Full against A. J. Balfour. Government
leader in the House of Commons, for slan-
Cer because of Balfour's declaration in
the Houte that the Bun's interview with
him concerning the overtures recently
made by the Netherlands Government is
a fabrication.
W. T. Sampson is unconscious and 1 that
his death is believed to be Imminent.
Admiral Sampson was born February^,
18^0, Should he live "until Sunday he. will
be retired for old age.
Should He Live Until Sunday Next
He Will Be .Retired for Old
Age.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6.— The Inter Ocean
late to-night received a dispatch from
Washington stating that Rear Admiral
ItEAE ADMIRAL SAMPSON
IS REPORTED TO ;BE DYING
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 6.—
Edwin Blngham Copeland, '95, has been
appointed instructor in systematic botany
and will begin work In the department
next September. Copeland graduated from
the Stanford botany department in 1395.
Part of his undergraduate work was dono
at the University .of Wisconsin, the last
two years only being spent here. He wa»
granted the degree of Ph. D. from the
University of Leipzig In 1S96, after a
year's study in the German institution.
Copeland subsequently accepted a ' posi
tion as instructor in botany at the Chico
Normal School, and tw,o years later a pro
fessorship in the University of West Vir
ginia, which position he resigned last year
to engage in research work at the Vniver
sity of Chicago.
Instructor Appointed at Stanford.
PARIS. Feb. 6.— There was great excite
ment in the Chamber of Deputies to-day
when a woman arose before, the tribune
in the seats reserved for the public snd
shouted: , !'M. .Paulmier (a. member) tea
thief.! He has robbed me of 20,000 frarcs."
Then" she: threw a bag of rotten eggs
about the Chamber. The woman was ar
rested^ ' 'i
Accuses a French Deputy.
¦VIENNA, Feb. 6.— In accordance with 'a
scientific plan, several simultaneous bal
loon ascensions were made to-day from
various European capitals. Three -ascen
sions were made from here, one being
undertaken by Archduke Leopold, who
for many (years has studied and practiced
aeronautics. He used his new balloon, the
Meteor. He was accompanied by his wife,
the Archduchess Blanche, who is a daugh
ter of Don Carlos,, and who has previously
made four, balloon trips. They were not
accompanied by a professional 1 aeronaut,
their only attendant being an inexperi
enced aid de camp. The Meteor started
at 9 o'clock in the' morning In a -violent
and cold wind. The voyage was unevent
ful,. and four and a half hours later the
Archduke 5 and the ! Archduchess landed
with perfect safety near Breslau, 200 miles
from here. This same journey In an ex
press train occupied about . eight hours.
The -altitude attained by the
Archduke was 10,000 feet.
Accompanied by His Wife He As
• cends at Vienna and Safely
; ' Lands Near Breslau.
ARCHDUKE LEOPOLD MAKES
ASCENSION IN A BALLOON
donian, who, pretended he wanted to pre
sent a petition. The assassin subse
quently committed suicide by shooting
himself.
BULGARIAN MINISTER
SLAIN BY .MACEDONIAN
Assassin Subsequently Commits Sol
cide by Shooting Him-
SOFIA, Feb. 6.— M. Kamtlchefa. the
Minister of Public Instruction, was as
sassinated to-day, in his study by a Mace-
' Mr. Whitney and his best man met the
wedding procession at , the pulpit steps.
The wedding march ; from -"Lohengrin"
was played as the , bride advanced up the
aisle. ¦;* At. the altar they were met by
Rev. v TeunlS; 3.-: Hamlin, . pastor ; of . the
church,; who was assisted by Rev. ' H. C
Haydenof Stone Presbyterian Church of
Cleveland, Ohio. The beautiful and im-
The bride, one of the .very prettiest girls
In Washington^ was radiantly s lovely t thls
morning. and exclamations of ' admiration
were heard on all sides as she entered the
church. She seemed not the least bit
nervous, and had a nod and the sweetest
of smiles for all who greeted her. Miss
Hay's own simple and /unostentatious
taste 'as well as the deep mourning which
the family is observing for the son and
brother, the late? Adelbert* Hay, whoso
tragic death last, summer caused uni
versal sorrow, were responsible for! the
absence of ail jewels. • ?,'¦
No Display of Jewels.
gown'fastened on one side of the front by
spray embroidery running from that s'de
to the hem of the gown. The delicate and
extremely simple 'spray was embroidered
in green and consisted of orange blossoms
which were of white velvet appliqued.
The bodice was cut a little low and the
stock and yoke under the"openlng was of
soft folds of tulle: "With this was worn
a large tulle veil over the face and falling
in. the back to the edge of her long cqurt
train.-' It was held" in place by a .coronet
of orange" blossoms. Her bouquet was a
departure from the ordinary cluster, being
best described as a miniature floral muff
held in one hand, the -blossoms of which'
were white orchids and' orange blossoms
falling' In' a cascade to the 'hem of the
gown.' It was really a "shower bouquet."
as it is understood and pictured' in Eng
land, and wds a counterpart of the rone
she .were when presented, at the court In
Great 'Britain. ¦ '
¦: The" gown worn by Miss Hay .was char-'.
acterized by its', elegant simplicity. | It was
cut- on . severely" "plain ; lines, ;.¦ :al princess?
• /' - ¦ . ¦ ¦ - - ¦:.¦-,
The ushers came first, followed by the
bridesmaids, who preceded the bride, who'
leaned on the '.arm '•• of j her- father*. The
bride was attended by her sister. Mins
'Alice; Hay,, and '.the \ sister of the' gropnv
Miss Dorothy Whitney, both of whom
looked lovely in the palest shade of .'gray
'crepe- .de' chine over .white, taffeta..> Mn
Whitney- was attended by Eugene Hale
Jr.; second son of Senator Hale of Maine.
The Bridal Procession.
aisles and both lobbies were thronged with
notables. The Secretary of State and his
daughter and the bridesmaids arrived Just
before the noon hour. While waiting Miss
Hay recognized in the crowd several old
friends. She nodded to them cheerily.
The handsome church had .been trans
formed into a- bower -of Easter lilies
against a background of green. .The wali
back of the pulpit was formed into a re
redos of giant palms, southern smtlax and
ferns', in the center, of which was a huge
cluster of lilies tied with loops of broad
white satin ribbons, blossoms radiating' In
every direction. Around the church walls
were festoons of smllax caught In gar
lands by bows and loops of ribbons. The
large pillars .'were twined with smiiax,
the capital pillars were a mass of lilies,
and clusters of the same were placed at
intervals .~ around them. The pews '¦'¦ re
served for the family and near friends
and distinguished guests were looped off
by. ribbons, and, clusters of the blossoms
were massed against the pew ends. Per
haps the' most, beautiful and unique fea
ture was r the decorative scheme of ; the
center aisle. A large cluster of lilies was
fastened at ! the end of every pew, placed
at various distances from the floor, gradu
ating from 'a height: of three feet at- the
pulpit to ; the back of the church; where
the .flowers stood six or seven feet high.
This formed an aisle of. flowers, down
which the bridal procession passed.
A few weeks' ago the Earl of Roslyn
started in to try his luck against the
Monte Carlo tables on a system devised
by himself, j He worked out his scheme
with the usual elaborate mathematical
calculations of the "system" monger, and
to make sure of its Infallibility went so
far as' to hire a. croupier from the Ostend
gaming tables 1 /with whom, in prolonged
seances in London, he tested It In prac
tice. It was said that' he then formed a
syndicate to provide the capital for mak
ing war upon the Monte Carlo table bank
ers. His operations created a good deal
of interest, being witnessed, among oth
ers, by Chauncey M. Depew'and Charles
M. Schwab.
LONDON. Feb. 6.— Word reached Lon
don to-day that Lord Roslyn's system at
Monte Carlo had collapsed and that he is
a heavy loser. A friend of his was start-
Ing for Monte Carlo to play the system
and was actually in a train at Charing
Cross with his luggage booked for "Sunny
South," when a telegram was put into his
hand telling him that the end had; come
and that there was no use in his making
the journey.
Goes Gambling' With a New "Sys
; tern" but Quits a Heavy
Loser.
B0SLYN FAILS TO BREAK
THE BANK AT MONTE CARLO
COLON, Colombia. Feb. 6.— Ninety- four
Insurgent prisoners confined in Fqft Boca
Chica, at Cartagena, surprised and over
powered the guards Tuesday and killed
seventeen of them. The prisoners then
escaped. .U. '4
The filibustering steamer Llbertador
has left Savanilla.
A decree has been Issued In Panama
requiring passports from those who
travel through the department. Street
trafQc will be suspended M the insurgents
threaten to attack Colon or Panama.
INSURGENT PRISONERS
OVERPOWER THE GUARDS
Kill Seventeen of the Men in Charge
of a Fort and Then Make Their
Escape.
It is announced with official authority
that the executive committee of the
Southern Pacific will carry out the late
C. P. Huntington's plans at Galveston.
Those plans contemplate the building of
terminals* at Galveston, a ship-repairing
plant and general %epot, large storage and
refrigerating warehouses, cotton com
press, elevators, etc.
This means that all freight from Texas,
Colorado, Utah, Arizona, New Mexico, Old
Mexico,. California and the Pacific Coast,
the Hawaiian Islands, China and Japan
will be routed via Galveston.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 6.— What is
claimed to be the transfer of the Morgan
line of steamers from New Orleans to
Galveston was announced to-day • from'
New York. J. C. Stubbs, traffic manager
of the Southern Pacific, has been in New
York for several days conferring with
President Harrlman. On' his recommenda
tlon,the executive committee acted in line
with Huntington's original plans. Stubbs
says all through business can be handled
via Galveston within sixty to ninety days,
and it was so ordered by the executive
committee. " '
Terminals and a Ship Repairing
Plant at Galveston. '
Corporation Contemplates Building
SOUTHERN PACIFIC WILL
ROUTE FREIGHT VIA TEXAS
Beautiful Floral Decorations.
The crowd was so great thaf all ithe
Popular interest in the wedding was
shown by the crowds that gathered at an
early hour at the residence of Secretary
Hay, at H and Sixteenth streets, and at
the Church of the Covenant* at Connecti
cut avenue' and N street. At the house
hundreds of residents, all of whom knew
Miss Hay by sight and most of whom
had met her at one time or another, wait
ed; to 'catch a glimpse of the bride -when
she entered the' carriage. It was the
proudest day in the life of the Hay coach
man" when he drove the dashing team of
the Secretary of State up to the house.
He wore a big white rose in his lapel and
a big white cockade on his hat. The
bridles of the horses were tricked out
with white rosettes and long white rib
bons fluttered from the whip. The bride
appeared in a heavy wrap' and was es
corted to the carriage by her father. Her
mother had gone'on to the church in ad
vance. After Miss Hay came her sister.
Miss. Alice Hay, and the sister • of ¦ the
groom, Miss Dorothy Whitney, who as a
little girl during Cleveland's admins'tra
tion was the pet at her mother's teas.
President and Mrs. Roosevelt, accom
panied by their daughter, arrived at the
church a few minutes before 11 o'clock
and were at once escorted to a front pew.
The President stepped back and insisted
on his wife and daughter being first taken
to their places. Mrs." Hay came in a few
second3 later looking unusually, well , in a
trailing gown of white silk, small black
bonnet and wearing black furs. Ex-Sec
retary Whitney had a little trouble to get
into, the church; but none after his.iden
tity became known. \ He looked as young
as when he left Washington and the cares
of official life years ago, and was kept
busy, smiling and. bowing to'acquaint
ances.'' • •¦¦".•
Popular Interest in Wedding.
CALL BUREAU, 1405 G STREET, N.
,\V., WASHINGTON, Feb." 6.-MIS3
Helen Hay's wedding bells rang
out to-day beneath a cloudless
sky. The gifted daughter of the
Secretary of State was united in marriage
to Payne Whitney under circumstances
¦which "left nothing to be desired In the
happiest day in the life of a charming
bride.
' The ceremony was performed in the
presence of a company distinguished • at
home and abroad. It was a wedding al
most international in its character. At
the Presbyterian Church of the Covenant,
where the knot was tied, you could not
move without jostling ' an Embassador or
a Cabinet Minister or former Cabinet
Minister. Th*e President . of the United
States and his family occupied a front
pew. The bride' was given away by her
father, Secretary of State and former
Embassador to the court of St. ¦ James.
The father of the groom, William C.
Whitney, maker of Presidents, maker of
fortunes for his friends and Secretary of
the Navy in the Cabinet of Cleveland,
looked beamingly on as the bride and
groom stood at the altar.
It seemed that a handsomer couple nev
er clasped hands. The bride Is one of the
prettiest girls ' of Washington, and she
looked perfectly radiant to-day. The
groom, tall, broad-shouldered and ath
letic, seemed to be a sample of perfect
young American manhood.
The admiral spoke briefly on account of
a severe cold, thanking Knoxville for it3
hospitality. While this event was in
progress Mrs. Schley was the guest at a
dinner tendered by Mrs. Lawrence D.
Lyson.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., F«3b. 6.— The visit
of Admiral and Mrs. Schley to Knoxville
ended to-night so far as entertainment
features are concerned, and the visitors
will leave to-morrow morning for Wash
ington. A reception tendered to the ad
miral by the Cumberland Society to-night
was the closing feature. The entire club
house was decorated handsomely in tha
tricolor. The punch bowl was imbedded
in the hold of a miniature model of the
Brooklyn, made from choicest flowers.
Ends the Entertainment Fea^
5 <3^S2 ' tures at Xnoxville.-^
Reception by the Cumberland Society
ADMIRAL SCHLEY LEAVES
FOR WASHINGTON TO-DAY
Chamberlain, the Colonial Secretary,
added the information that if the leaders
of the Boer forces proposed to Lord
Kitchener negotiations for a settlement
the proposal would be forwarded for tha
consideration of the Government.
In the House of Commons yesterday
Balfour, the Government leader, an
nounced that copies of the correspond
ence exchanged between the Government
of the Netherlands and the Government
of Great Britain on the subject of peace
in South Africa had been mailed to Lord
Milner, Governor of the Transvaal and
Orange River colonies and High Commis
sioner of South Africa, who would be in
structed to ask Lord Kitchener to com
municate the contents to the Boer lead
ers in the field.
The Brussels correspondent of the Dally
Telegraph declares It to be absolutely
certain that owing to the attitude of the
powers and the Boer leaders the Dutch,
Government is now firmly determined to
abandon the Boer cause and any idea of
fresh intervention.
LONDON, Feb. 6.— The War Of
fice to-night published a summary
of the British losses in. South Africa.
Up to January 31 the total reduction
of the forces, from death or perma
nent disability, was 25,305 men. The.
total of the casualties, including sur
viving wounded, was 5240 officec3
and 100,701 men. .
\ "If the use of my body by my fellow
surgeons will do anything toward clear
lng'^upjithe problems of., surgery-I am.
do not designate what experiments should
be made and place no restriction on what
shall be done, should any one take up my
offer, I would suggest that the operating
surgeons begin on the organs of the body
that are not prime factors in the main
tenance of human life. In this way I
should last longer and be of more servi< e
to the human race."
Suggestion by the Subject.
"In 'thus volunteering to undergo vivi
section I do so realizing that the chance3
are all against my surviving, so I would
stipulate that ample provision be made
for. these who are dependent upon me and
for their comfort and protection. We
have all such a short time to. live theft
a year or month. or week or ten years is
a small matter. . . .
subject or until I succumb*. Should I sur
vive at the end of a year of experiment
and observations I stipulate that I may
elect tfr lie released from further service.'
"I hereby offer myself as a subject for
vivisection in any direction or along such
lines as may be selected. I will myself,
when able and competent, assist my vivi
sectors by such notes as may be of In
terest and value to them and to me. ; The
experiments are to continue until I am
too exhausted to be of further use as a
In his offer the doctor says:
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— Calmly and de
liberately, after some weeks of consider
ation, Dr, James Edwin Russell, a phy
sician living In Brooklyn, has announced
that ho is ready, to become. a subject for
vivisection for a period extending over a
"year. In offering his body to the knives
of his fellow surgeons Dr. Russell's only
stlpulation is that his family be provided
for and that in "the event of his surviv
ing the experiments he be permitted to
withdraw from the operating room at the
end of the stated year.
• Terms of the Offer. *
Special Dlsuatch to The Call.
The final clause stipulates that the
agreement shall in no wise impair the ex
isting rights of other nations, which
clause is palpably nullified by the preced
ing conditions.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press has seen a draft of the agreement.
This provides that China shall build all
railways and develop all mines -in Man
churia. If she is unable to command the
capital, she shall' apply to the bank. If
the bank is unable or unwilling to enter
into arrangements, China may apply else
where for capital.
Germany remains a disinterested spec
tator of the affair. Chang Chi Tung, the'
Viceroy of Hankow, and Liu Kun Yi, the
Viceroy of Nanking, continue their ef
forts against the treaty. They are co
operating with the Japanese Ministry.
Viceroys Fight the Treaty.
The native newspapers are filled with
stories, that Russia is trying, to- gain -her
ends by offers of heavy bribes.-" •• ¦ ¦ . ¦•• ¦
In the light of the statements of Chi
nese officials, which were repeated yes
terday, namely, that Russia insists upon
the simultaneous signing of the -Manchu
rian treaty and the bank agreement, the
representations of M. Lessar fail to carry
weight. .
The Russian agents are playing their
parts with the greatest regard for ap
pearances, whfyj M. Lessar is arranging
the treaty with China. The manager of
the bank, M. Pocatillo, one of the most
able and trusted of the Russian agents in
the East, Is negotiating the bank agree
ment with Wang Wen Shao.
Game of Russian Agents.
Paul Lessar, the Russian Minister here,
is endeavoring to maintain the transpar
ent diplomatic fiction that the Manchu
rian treaty and the Russo-Chinese Bank
agreement are not related. He has In
formed his colleagues that the Russian
Government has no official knowledge of
the negotiations of the' Russo-Chinese
Bank.
The powers opposing the Manchurian.
treaty are now beginning to recognize the
force of the representations of the Chi
nese plenipotentiaries that China Is mak
ing the best terms possible for hers"elf,
and incidentally for the equal rights of
the other nations in China, and afe shift-
Ing their protests to Russia as the respon
sible party, . »
PEKING, Feb. 6.— The British, Ameri
can and Japanese Ministers here have re
newed* their opposition to' the Manchu
rian arrangements between China and
Russia. It is probable that this action
will result in the further postponement
of the consummation of this treaty.
Reginald Ward and other Americans
both here and -in America are interested
in the company. The developments in the
Ivory Ccast are attracting attention here
and on the Continent, and according to
the company's reports a. big and new lleM
for American mining machinery will bt>
opened.
LONDON. Feb. 6.— Negotiations were
completed to-day between the Ivory Coast
Gold Fields Company and Albert Kahn.
the Paris representative of Kuhn, Loeb
& Co. of New York, by which Kahn's
concessions, amounting to nearly 300,X)0
acres, are amalgamated with the llrst
named company.
Ivory Coast Gold Fields Com
pany of London.
Kich Firm of New York Joins the
LARGE MINING INTERESTS
FINALLY AMALGAMATED
By this stroke the Pacific Coast Com
pany, controlled by Hill, became master
of the transportation business to South
eastern Alaska. In a word the two present
lines to Southeastern Alaska are con
trolled by the Hill family and their as
sociates. It is a noticeable fact that the
lines being operated by the Puget Sound
Navigation Company do not parallel a
single rail line of the Great Northern Rail
way. The mest Important Sound steamer
route out of Tacoma Is that to Belling
ham Bay and the new company has not
touched this route. Its steamers run to
Port Townsend. Port Angeles, Neah Bay
and down-Sound islands. The routes of
the new steamers to be built are not yet
announced.
New Steamers Are Proposed.
It was President Mellen's intention to
operate both steamship lines with Dod
vrell & Co. as general agents and the Ori
ental line is being so operated. It has
become positively known that President
Mellen was in" Tacoma arranging with
Frederick DodweU for continued operation
of the Washington and Alaska Company
when telegrams were received from New
York announcing that the Northern Pa
cific directors had decided to sell the com
pany's steamers to the Pacific Coast Com
pany and instructing President Mellen to
immediately negotiate the sale with Presi
dent Farrell. This was done. President
Mellen declared at that time that the ac
tion In New York was the direct result
of President Hill's influence with the
Northern Pacific board.
The coup executed by President Hill iast
October has never "before been made pub
lic It re!ates-~to~tiie- sud3en> transfer «?f
the "Washington and Alaska Steamship
Company's line of Alaska steamers to XX.1
Pacific Coast Company. A few weeks
previous the sale of the Northern Pacific
Steamship Company and Washington and
Alaska Steamship Company to the North
ern Pacific Railway through J. P. Morgan
& Co. had been announced.
The connection between the Oakes and
Hill families is believed to explain thia
harmonious action. A few weeks ago
Louis Hill, a. son of Hill,, was
married in New York to Miss Taylor of
St. Paul, a sister of Mrs. Walter Oakes.
Ten days ago one of the finest private
cars owned by the Hill family was sent
from St. Paul for the special use of Oakea
and his family in going to St. Paul and
New York, where they are now. Oakes'
trip East is in connection with the finan
cial affairs of the Puget Sound Navigation
Company.
Family Influence Counts.
Walter Oakes, the treasurer and man.
ager of the new Puget Sound Navigation
Company, is also president of the Alaska
Steamship Company, ¦which runs the only
line now operating to Alaska in compe
tition with the Pacific -Coast Steamship
Company. Both these lines are strictly
maintaining rates and ¦ working in abso
lute harmony.
transportation on the North Pacific Ocean,
making both the Alasltau and Puget
Sound lines feeders to the Great Northern
Railway.
TACO1IA, Feb. 6.— President Hill of the
Great Northern Railway and his family
have obtained control of the chief steam
boat lines on Puget Sound through the or
ganization of the jfuget Sound Navigation
Company, of which, they are said to.be
the largest stockholders. Hill already
owns the .Piicitic Coast Company,
which operates the largest fleet of
steamers to Southeastern Alaska. He ha&
thus become practically the master of
Special Pisratch to The Cail.
Asks That Ample Provision Be Mad<?
for His Family and Tha^ He
Be Released if Alive at
the End of a Year.
Government of the Netherlands De*
cides to Abandon Any Further
Attempts at Interven
tion.
Details of a Coup Executed Last Octo
ber Show the Method by Which
' the Supremacy Was
Secured. .
Germany Remains a Disinterested
Spectator, While Two Viceroys
Join the Fight Against
the Treaty.
More Than 100,000 Men Dis-
abled During the War
With the Boers.
Control Extends" Over Alas
. kan and Puget Sound
Lines.
Agents of the Czar Are Ac
cused of Bribery by Native
Newspapers.
Willing to Submit to. a Series
of Experiments in the In
terest of Science.
Railroad Magnate Now
Master of Sea Trans
portation. . .
Brooklyn Doctor Offers
Himself for Vivi
section.
America, England and
Japan Watch Moves
in Manchuria. ,
• . ¦
Great Britain Sustains
Enormous ; Loss in
South Africa.
THREE POWERS
OPPOSING THE
RUSSIAN GRAB
LIVE SUBJECT
FOR THE KNIFE
OF SURGEONS
HILL GAINS
ALL POWER
IN THE NORTH
CASUALTIES
NOW FOOT UP
VAST NUMBER
PRICE FIVE! CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO. 69.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY; 7, 1902. -¦
President Roosevelt and Many Other Distinguished Persons Attend the
• Wedding of the Daughter of the Secretary of State and the Son of a
Former Secretary of the Navy— Beautiful Church Decorations
UNDER A BOWER OF BLOSSOMS MISS HAY
BECOMES THE BRIDE OF PAYNE WHITNEY,
CULMINATING PRETTY ROMANCE BEGUN AT YALE
The San Francisco Call.This matter started in Massachusetts on
the question of a change in the forma
tion of the General Federation: , The point
.of difference is between f the individual
club plan and the State' 'representation
plan. Mrs. Stilson explained ' in detail
what action was taken resulting' in the
defeat^of the proposition two years ago
at Milwaukee and advocated the State
federation plan.
Mrs. Urquhart Lee of Berkeley fol
lowed. She said in part:
i Too much discussion on . this 'subjpet is
vague and general. To reorganize 'by, States
is to allow the admission of colored clubs to
as many States as cnocss to admit, them. They
already are admitted to some. And it is a
measure which if adopted will cause the split
ting oil or seven of the Southern States. There
fore reorganization by States according to th-i
only plan given us is not a "compromise meas
ure," and. I protest against the statement as
fallacious and nernicious.
Two planR have been offered.- - The question
of reortanlzatlon by States was defeated . at
* ; : • : •'-¦ ; -- •*'¦¦«
blood of the white man in the veins of the
black now than at the close of the war. Chris
tian fraternity has never meant drawing the
color line. At Oberlin College, the president
of the institution states that never has there
been a marriage between the races resulting
from similar educational advantages. • ¦
_ Equal advantages In an educational way
have not led to amalgamation of the races.
Every year some question has made 1 us strug
gle with some phases of the problem. No sec
tion of the country has ever accorded to the
freedman his individual rights. The > colored
women have never asked for the privilege that
is being so much discussed. All know the
treatment accorded' to Mrs. Ruffln, . the dele
gate of 'a colored club to the meeting at Mil
waukee. . The colored women have said that
the action in throwing them out of the meet-
Ing waa declared illegal. That is all. >
We object to the drawing of the color line
In the question .of color. Many of the roots
pf this prejudice were fastened upon our na-
WASHINGTON; Feb. 6.-The Industrial
Commission has submitted its final report
to Congress. It is a document of more
than 1000 printed pages. The first part,
which has been made public, deals with
the progress of the nation— agriculture,
mining and transportation. Recommenda
tions are made on the subjects of transr
portation and agriculture. The . commis
sion advises as to transportation:
That tha policy of Governmental supervision
and coatrol of railroads, as originally laid down
in the SeiRtte committee report of 168t> an<l
embodied the following year into the interstate
ejmmuve act, bs revised and strengthened;
that the authority of the Interstate Commerc*
Commission, necessary for the adequate pro
tection of snippers and clearly intenaed by the
framers of. the law. be restored and that the
powers and functions of the commission be en
larged practically as contemplated in the so
caaed Culiom bill, except as to authority to
prepare and enforce a uniform classification. ,
£uch legislation should provide: For more
stringent regulation of the conditions under
which freight and passenger tariffs are pub
lished and died. - .
No rate of classification ought to be changed
without at least sixty days' notice to shippers,
unless specifically authorized by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
That strict adherence to tariffs be required
and rebates or discrimination prevented by an
increase of tbe penalties.
That the long and short haul clause In section
four of the act of 1SS7 be strengthened and
rigidly enforced, unless the carriers shall be
released by special order of the Interstate Com
merce Commission.
For the definite grant of power to the Inter
state Commerce Commission, never on its own
initiative but only. on formal complaint, to
pass upon the reasonableness of freight and
l>assenger rates or charges; also the definite
grant of power to declare given rates unreason
able as at present, together with power to pre
scribe reasonable rates in substitution.
For early hearings upon complaints and for
prompt decision by the commission, the pur
pose being to obviate intolerable delays.
For a specific grant of power to the Inter
state Commerce Commission over classification,
both as to items and grouping.
Coupled with this, however, we dissent from
the section of the to-called Cullom bill re
quiring the Interstate Commerce Commission
within a certain period to promulgate a uniform
classification for the United States.
For the establishment of a permanent corps
of expert auditors who shall have authority
under the supervision of the Interstate Com
merce Commission to examine periodically the
accounts of all railroad companies whether
operating or financial in their nature.
That violations of the act respecting the
keeping of annual reports by carriers should be
made misdemeanors and promptness in making
cuch returns should be required.
That, to further the eSectiveness of the com
mission, its membership should be directly rep
resentative of the interests concerned, in the
persons of shippers or business men. tratnc
experts (rail and water) and men of legal
training, and the number of members should
Vnat legislation analagous to the
¦watering statutes of Massachusetts be enacted
by the several States. ..-¦,» .. ».
Thdt railroad companies be prohibited by
law from making lower freight rates upon im
ports billed to the Interior of this country, on
the connection with, ocean trafS? 0 "* 00^ «r
otherwise, than are made on similar articles
from the seaboard to the Interior, or than are
made from one inland point to another, when
the distance is not greater. . :
Prefacing Its recommendations regard-
Ing agriculture the commission says that
Agriculture has derived more benefit
from the establishment of the Department
'of Agriculture and from tis administra
tive work than from any other Federal
legislation." . ,,
ft makes the following recommendations
on this subject: . • .
That the Secretary of Agriculture be given
Tc inspect dairy products Intended for ex
port and to certify to their grade and quality.
To fix standard srades for cereals, based on
season of growing, quality and. weisht per
measure, and, when intended for export, to
insrect and certify the same. ' • •
To cause stock cars and stock yards to be
cleansed and disinfected whenever he considers
such action necessary. . '
To make adequate regulations prohiDUlr.g the
shipment of uninspected or diseased meat from
cne State to another, or to foreign cour tries.
To require end direct the proper disposition
of diseased meat. ¦_
That a more comprehensive penalty clause
for shipping diseased meat be enacted.
That a law be enacted to provide:
Fcr the inspection cf nursery stock intended
for interstate commerce or for export and pro
hibiting the transportation of diseased, infected
or uninspected nursery stock and for rules and
regulations to govern the importation of nurs
ery stock and fruit and prohibiting the Im
portation of diseased.. Infected or unlngpectea
nurrery stock or fruit.
That a pure food section In the chemistry
division in the Department or Agrieiilture be
established to prevent the adulteration, fals«
branding and deceptive imitation of foods,
beverages canoies, drags and condiments In
the District of Columbia and the Territories
and for regulating interstate traffic therein.
That adequate legislation be enacted by the
several States, where needed, to control such
diseases as glanders, tuberculosis, etc.
That whatever changes may be made In the
tariff by reciprocity or otherwise, adequate pro
tection "to the beet eugar Industry be main
tained.
That Increased appropriations \be made by
Congress for building sample stretches of im
proved road In various sections of the coun
try so* as to encourage the more rapid con
struction of such roads at State and local ex-
That the system of free rural delivery be
extended' a* recommended by the Pcttmaster
General In his latest annual report.
That the policy of setting aside forest re
serves, already Inaugurated, be extended and
the three bureaus of the Government which
have charge of Investigations and adminis
trative work connected with forestry be con
solidated.
Protest Is Entered Against
Discrimination by the -
Railroads.
Industrial Commission
MakesRecommenda
tions to Congress.
Question of
Mrs. W. W. Stilson Of Los Angeles dls.
cussed the question of reorganization.
A new amendment proviaes "that the
executive board at its first' meeting fol
lowing the annual meeting-shall appoint
an executive committee of. three, of whom
the president shall be chairman, to trans
act routine business or to act in emergen
cies." ¦ ; ' y - .
Another amendment provides that "In
each district one delegate from every
club shall constitute the electors for the
member of nominating, committee to
serve said district. The nominating com
mittee shall meet at the time and place
of the annual convention and prepare a
list of nominees. Electors may scratch
the ticket and write other names on the
ballot." .
The basis of representation was fixed
at two delegates from .each club of 100
members or less*, one- of whom shall be
elected and the other to be the president,
or her appointee. For each additional
hundred members one additional delegate
is to be selected, but no club shall have
to exceed six delegates.
Several changes • were made- in the by
laws. -At the annual meeting the district
vice presidents shall report for all clubs
in their district, instead of having tue
club presidents appear before the conven
tion. The date for. the annual election of
officers of clubs affiliated with the State
Federation was fixed to be held between
the time following the close of the con
vention of the State Federation and May
30. A long discussion ensued over .an
amendment- proposing to reduce the per
capita tax from 10 cents to 5. It was
then proposed to let the individual clubs
take care of their dues to. the General
Federation. The proposition to amend
was lost, and the- per capita tax remains
as before. • . • •,
Another amendment reduced ? the • term
of the officers in accordance with the ac
tion providing for the Jiolding of an 'an
nual convention. No officer shall be eligi
ble to the same- general office for more
than two consecutive terms. The title of
the "State corresponding secretary, of th<>
General Federation" was changed to read
"State chairman of correspondence." - i .
Consideration of amendments to the
constitution followed the report of the
nominating committee. The first'amend
ment adopted 'was changing the conven
tion of thei^tate- Federation from "bien
nial to annual. A; second amendment re
duced the time in which i newly organ
ized clubs may be admitted to the-feder
ation from one year to six months. :
Mrs. S. Mitchell of the Kattenach Club
of Visalia and Mrs. K. M. Atkinson of
the California Club were admitted as ad
ditional delegates in the report of the
committee on credentials. ..
It -was announced that the pol's will be
open from 10 a. m. to 12:30 p.'m. and later
from 1 p. m. to one-half hour after the
closing of the convention. Mrs. J. N.
Young, Mrs. O. C. Connolly and Miss Wil
*son were appointed tellers.
District vice nresidents — Northern district,
Mrs. William Beckinan, Sacramento, Tuesday
ClJb; San Francisco district, Mrs. I. Lowen
berg, San Francisco, Philomath Club: Alarneda
district. Mrs. John Russ. Oakland Ebell Club;
San Joacuin district, Mrs. George A. Dodge.
Hanford, Woman's Club; Los Angeles'- district.
Miss Ellen M. Thompson, Pasadena,. Shake-
Fpeare Club: San Diego district, Mrs. L. F.
Darling, Riverside, Socorro Club.
President, Mrs. Kate A. . Bulkley, Oakland
Ebell 'Club. Oakland: vice president at large,
Mrs. W. W. Stilson, Ruskin Art Club. Lo*
Angeles: recording secretary! Mrs. Louise Bab
cock, Parlor Lecture Club, Fresno; correspond
ing secretary, Mrs. J. W. Orr, California Club,
San Francisco; treasurer, Mrs.' Henry Weln
etock, KInesley Art Club. Sacramento: audi
tors — Mrs. Philip Morse, Wednesday Club, San
Diego, and Mrs. t>. W.. Kavenscroft, Woman' fa
Club, Fetaluma,-. ¦ ¦ :?tj f
Committee- Names. Officers.
- A. large audience was present anticipat
ing an exciting debate and the noon re
cess hour passed while the ' discussion
was on. Mrs. Burdette called for the
regular order of business and it was dis->
patched quickly. . . . i
Mrs. Florence C. Porter of Los Angeles
read the report of the nominating com
mittee. The report referred to the diffi
culty of securing a candidate for presi
dent, owing to the refusal of Mrs. Lovell
White. The choice then unanimously fell
upon Mrs. Kate Bulkley of the Ebell Club
of Oakland. At her request Mrs. J. XV.
Orr of the California Club was named for
corresponding secretary, for which posi
tion Mrs. Bulkley was originally nomin
ated.' The ticket in full was as follows:
It wap.the aim of those! in favor of the
State plan to secure the passage of a
resolution instructing the delegates £c be
elected to-day to vcte for. the State fed
eration plan. Two resolutions to this ef
fect were offered during the day, but
President Burdette ruled both out. No
test of the actual strength of the oppos
ing forces was possible under these-rut
ings. •
One plan for the reorganization of the
General Federation leans toward organr
laation by State lines, that is, State fed
erations carry with them the clubs af
filiated therewith and elect delegated In
proportion to numbers. Each State fed
eration, in this way, has the right to act
upon the qualifications of membership of
its own body, and to send Tsuch delegates
as it may select. \ The other plan is the
admission of individual clubs, the General
Federation alone passing upon the ap
plication of the club. The advocates of
the admission of clubs of colored wom-jri
favor the State plan, as some States -have
already declared upon this question. „ '
b> -i sa VERY effort was made yesterday
J? at the convention of. the Calif or-
nia Federation of Women's Clubs,
in session at Golden Gate Hall,
to secure recognition of the clubs
of colored women by the General Federa
tion, which meets in Los 'Angeles in May.
but the advocates of the measure to in
struct the delegates upon the line whicti
will permit this admission though persist
ent was not successful. -
Those Favoring Erasure
Raise Their Voices in
Impassioned Argument
URGES BETTER
PROTECTION OF
ALL PRODUCTS
DELEGATES AT THE CONVENTION OF CALIFORNIA WOMEN'S CLUBS
AVOID A TEST OF STRENGTH ON THE QUESTION OF COLOR LINE
LOSES HIS WAY
IN A FASTNESS
Deer Hunter Has a Ter
rible Experience in ' f
Alaska.
rades Believed Him
.Dead.
Indians Find Him After Com-
Later in the day he was rescued by
four Kilisnoo Indians, w,ho landed on the
beach to hunt. ThtV fed him and took
him to Kilisnoo. Tney were rewarded
with Murphy's rifle and boots and *-0
from a purse made up by the white peo
ple 'of . Kilisnoo. . Murphy was taken
thence to Juneau, where he entered a hos
pital for the treatment of his hands and
feet. He learned then that his compan
ions had givn him up for dead. After
searching •m vain, they had returned to
WrangeL ¦-. ; .
he awakened the next day his
feet were frozen, and he realized that thu
shelter of the cliff alone had saveu him
from freezing to death. His clothing wad
rigid with ice. The sight, of a stray do^
wnlch came out of the woods. renewed his
courage and he determined to maKe a
tight ior life. Dragging himself to tha.
point -where the sloop had been at anchor
ne found she had gone. His mind again
became blank anu he dropped uncon
scious.
He arrived there January 5 with three
others in the sniiill sloop Pirate. Seeing
deer tracks dn the beach Murphy went
ashore in a small boat with a rifle* hoping
to secure a supply of fresh meat. In
tracking the deer through the woods he
became lost, and darkness found him alon-j
in the woods, unable to retrace his steps.
He heard shots tired from the sloop, but
could not determine their direction- He
fired in response, but a stiff breeze was
blowing in-shore and his companions did
not hear him. He finally reached the
beach and tramped for miles up and
down, nnally tailing unconsaoos at tn>j
base of a nigh cliff.
TACOMA, Feb. 6.— James Murphy of
Juneau has written a letter which gives a
graphic account of his perilous adventure
and narrow escape from death on, Trader
Island, Alaska.
Bp«cial Disoatcli to The Call.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. a.— The Warren line
steamer Kansas, Captain "Waters, which
left Boston January 21 for this port, ar
rived here yesterday and landed fourteen
cases of. smallpox. The smallpox broke
out on board the, Kansas shortly after she
left Boston. Xhe cases are about equal
ly divided among the cattlemen and the
crew. The steamer has been quarantined.
Smallpox Aboard a Steamer.
All Efforts to Secure a
Vote on the Matter at
Issue Prove Unavailing
tlonal life when the relationship of master and
slave was a fact. We must -not— as we hope
for salvation— we must not draw the color line.
What reiigious body'draws the co!or»line? The
Methodist? the Baptist? The Unitarians, -as
a body, would not draw the line. . Expediency
is only a word to Juggle with. ' -.-:¦"¦ '
We do not ask that delegatee from colored
clubs , be given the same individual wortn as
those of our white women in the clubs belong
ing to the federation. . , ¦• "• ¦
You cannot class these ten millions as blacK.
Ever since their emancipation they have re
duced their Illiteracy 45 per cent.- They. nave
written 600 books and own ?930,000,000 of prop
erty. , Shall we Ignore a race that has given
us suph men, as Benjamin Bannocker, the
mathematician; Senator and Mrs. Bruce, Book
er T. Washington, Lucy Thurman, the temper
ance worker? .
Mrs. ion V. Chapin next spoke and said
In part:
For seventy years It was the men of the-
South that furnished our patriots. It wag the
chips of New England that brought the slav?
to the South. I cannot believe that all the
prejudices of the United States is centered
south of ilason and Dixon's line. The women
of the South cannot but be alive to the ques
tion, for many of them were nurtured in the
aims of negro nurses. Let the -women of the
South settle this question \o their liking.
Immediately after Mrs. Chapin con
cluded a delegate arose and introduced a
resolution to instruct the delegates to the
General Federation to vote in favor of
State federation. The motion was ruled
out of order, a. dozen delegates objecting
at once.
At 1 o'clock the convention took" a re
cess of an hour. , •
Beports of District Clubs.
Reports from district orgaaizatolns
were read at the afternoon meeting. Mrs.
R. H. Stevens of Bakersfleld, vice presi
dent, of the San Joaquin district, waa the
first on the list. Mrs. Stevens said the
clubs in the San- Joaquin Valley had a
valley, federation and. had held several
conventions, which had succeeded in unit
ing the club women of the valley Into a
harmonious body.
The following club presidents then gave
reports of the work of each" 'club:
•Mrs. Anna. Dewey, Alpha Club. Lemoore;
Mrs. Louis M. Dlnkelspiel, Woman's Club,
Bakersfleld; Mrs. W. S. Fowler, Friday After
noon Clijb, Bakersfield ; Mrs. John Rhodes,
Woman's Club of .Hanford; -Mrs. Mary B.
Chambers, Nineteenth Century Round Table.
Hanford; Mrs. . Florence E. Frost, Woman's
Club, Visalla; Mrs. Mary E. Pettit (repre
sented-by Mrs. S.. Mitchell), Kanateena Club.
Visalla; Mrs. Will Maddern. Shakespeare Club.
Sanger; Mrs. J. M. Browley, Parlor Lecture
Club, Fresno; Mrs. W. 8. Fowler, Friday
Afternoon. Club," Bakersfleld; Mrs. Mary Mil
ler (represented, by Mrs. . George Eabcock),
Wednesday Morning Club, Bakersfleld; Mrs. B.
E. Hutchlnson. Improvement Association,-
Fowler; Mrs. Henrietta Green (represented by
Mrs. Minnie Laurence). Culture Club. Reedly;
Mrs. £.. C. Southworth, Inter Se, Porterville;
Mrs. Chambers, Woman's Union, Armona.
Owing to the absence of Miss Ellen
Thompson of Los Angeles Mrs. D. "W.
Lewis read her report. The Los Angeles
district comprises the . counties of Los
Angeles, Santa Barbara, Ventura and/
San Luis Obispo. There are thirty-flve
counties in the district, *with a member
ship of over 3000.
l^ h 2 ,, club Presidents who reported are
the following. named: ' ¦ *."-'
Mrs. Shelly Tolhurst, Friday Morning Club.
Los Angeles; Mrs. W. W. SUlson, Ru3kin Art
Club, Los Angeles; Mrs. E. P. Keeney, Silk
Culture Club, Los Angeles; Mrs. Frank E.
Pryor, Wednesday Morning Club, Los An
geles; Fraulein Lampandlus, Winters Club,
Los Angeles; Mrs. E. C. Therkoff. Woman's
Parliament of Southern California; Mrs Mary
Hartwell (represented by Mrs. Halstead), Cur
rent Topics Club, Pasadena: Mrs. L J. Rey
nolds. Shakespeare Club, Pasadena; Mrs Nel
lie Henry, Santa Maria Literary Club, Santa
Maria; Mrs.- O. V. Sessions, Shakespeare Club.
Hueneme; Mrs. M. E. Ivans (represented , by
Mrs.,. Sumner P. Hunt). Coterie Club, ! Santa
Monica; Mrs. Eugene T. Pettigrew, Ebell So
ciety, Los Angeles. " . - ___
MrsV William Beckman," vice president"
ofithe northern district, which comprises
nineteen counties, gave a review of club
work under her charge. . She introduced
the following club presidents:
•'^•McGinnis..- Shakespeare Club, Placer
ville; Mrs. John Oliver. Sorosis Club Paradise
Butte County; Mrs. H. Weinstock. Klngsley
Art Club, Sacramento; Mrs. Cathrine B Mil
ler. Shakespeare Club, Woodland; Mrs. W. H.
Cavan, Ladles' Museum Association Sacra
mento; Mrs. E. P. Colgaa, Tuesday Club. Sac
ramento.
Seeks Pledging of Delegates.
As soon as the last of the district cluba
had reported Mrs. George W. Haight se
cured recognition, and asked permission to
introduce a resolution instructing the del
egates of the State Federation to vote for
State organization at the meeting of the
General Federation in May. There were
several seconds to the resolution, fol
lowed by a chorus of noes. The president
again : ruled against the introduction of
the resolution.
The afternoon session was brought to a
close by the reading of the following lit
erary papers: , ? B
"The Leaven of Books," Mrs Cm-ran riart
Redwood City: "Is Prose Fi"{lon To Be the
Keynote of the Twentieth CenturV?" Miss
Elizabeth Packard, Oakland; "America^
Women Writers of the Present Tiav"
Miss Mabel Thayer Gray! Oakland; "L?brar-
Francisco? '- 1SS JeSSl ° a B " PeIx °"°. San
AlJ ie^S nventl6 , n wil1 lose «s 'abors to
day. The morning session will be devoted
i°rTZ C h tS of , bu , reaus and committees and
™« un ? ber of sh °rt papers. In the after
; noon .the announcement of the results of
i the election for officers will be made and
State delegates to the General F^deratiSn
will be chosen The matter of instruct"
ing the delegates upon th« subject of re
organization will bring up: the color queL
cirde^sesSn" 116 bUSlneSS Wl » c °-
abolitionist and I was always In favor of giv
ing the negro his ballot. I would gladly have
died that the negro might be given his birth
right — freedom. The now celebrated color
question, sidetracked in Milwaukee, comes up
in Los Angeles In May and promises' to take
the middle of the road. ¦
In this case there is no question of social
or Intellectual differences. It is a question
of racial prejudice. The opposition , comes
from that part of the country where a colored
man or wo-nan is a rarity. When a great fra
ternal met this question it . settled It
without anjr' trouble. There have been too
many extraneous matters brought In. .
There is too much driftwood brought in.
There -is -no- philanthropy. The General Fed
eration Is not a monopoly or trust The only
thing, to do. is look. over. the situation. Clubs
that would be the least affected by this ques
tion have nOt discussed it at all. I agree with
Booker T. , V/ashington that. In all things edu
cational (and our clubs are educational) we
are a unit, but on all things social we are
far" apart; .' ,.-.—.- ... ¦•-
The clubs of colored women are a credit to
them. In* some lines they are further advanced
than we are. There Is room for all good work
ers. -God did not' make man in the relation
of master and slave, • but he did make men'
on racial lines. . and that is , the • only way. to
solve the question. Bend your delegates to
the biennial uninstructed and let them care
fully consider the question, j
Mrs. George W. Halgh* of Berkeley fol
lowed, saying in part: .-
UNDER A BOWER OF BLOSSOMS
At every onward step of the negro some one
has. been ready to cry:- "This will, bring the
blending of the races.". There Is less of the
Declares Her Convictions.
I am a Massachusetts woman, I was an
If menred into a union of State federations
the officers and delegations will soon be con
trolled by a few strong women. -The remote
little club will be lost. Let us think seriously
before depriving;; ourselves as individual clubs
of membership and direct representation in the
General Federation of Women's Clubs. In this
way we shall not delegate to a comparatively
small number in each State the > privilege of
making up the biennial meeting. -
Each plan is susceptible of amendment at
the,- comlne biennial meeting 1 ana something
may be hit upon. to effect a compromise if the
delegates are left untrarrimeled by instructions.'
Therefore I make a strong plea' to the presi
dent and members of this federation " to use
every influence- In this body and. in their own
clubs to select ¦ the members whose Judgment
end integrity can be trusted and send them
as delegates to Los Angeles without instruc
tions. It is strange . that so . many prominent
club women of California- persist In proclaim-^
In* that the "color question" is one of no
importance. They state that the question of
reonranization is the paramount issue. The'
two questions go hand in ' hand. ; .. i
Mrs.'E. O. Smith of San Jose followed
Mrs. Lee and said in part:
Milwaukee, but now the color question la
joined with this plan. foe territorial reorgani
zation. . - • V '
Georgia proposes to cut out State and terri
torial membership. ¦¦¦'¦'.'. . •
The General Federation is more a social
organization. It is not "an executive body and
does not Rovern. Once we cut out the indi
vidual club we do so forever.
TWO DELEGATES TO THE CONVENTION OF THE CALIFORNIA FEDERATION OF 'WOMEN'S CLUBS WHO
READ INTERESTING PAPERS AT THE AFTERNOON SESSION OF THAT ORGANIZATION YESTERDAY,
CONTRIBUTING GREATLY THEREBY TO THE ENTERTAINMENT OF THE ASSEMBLAGE.
• .-*:'¦ ... i • . •* " '¦ »'¦•,-:..•. . -, ' - - ' ¦ . ,-;.:¦--
Continued From Page One.
. NEBRASKA. CITY, Neb;, Feb. 6.— The pack
ing- house of the Morton Packing: Company re
sumed operations' tp-day : after a strike extend
.ing over a" months ,; The' terms of the Bettlement
with -the employes' is. not-made -public * : ¦
I ; ERWIN, Tenn. v ," Feb.' 6.— Armstrong Hens
ley, convicted 'of assaulting: and murdering his
•6-year-old stepdaughter last eprlngr, waa hanged
this afternoon. He . asserted his innocence ' to
the last. ¦ , ¦ ,.
. At. the ceremony to-day the ' bride's
mother -wore a superb,, creation of corded
silk " of« J smoked • whltei color, '; which" was' 1
handsomely trimmed irfr Irish point lace.\ ';.!
. Among: the most beautiful costumes,
Beautiful Costumes Worn.
The bride, went away v in a modish tailor
suit of black broadcloth,.- with a hat to
match. A merry party accompanied them
to' the station, where the ~ private car of ¦
Colonel "Payne, uncle of the groom",' await-'
¦ed them. 'After many good-bys and amid
a shower of. rice the train, pulled out. >
• The young couple, will enjoy a". trip of
several months' duration. They flrst go
to Thomasville, Qa., traveling in the pri
vate car of Colonel Payne," in whose beau
tiful country .home they, will, remain a
month. Returning to Washington in. the
spring, they will spend a few, weeks with
the bride's family, after which they will
go to Cannes and there embark on the
fine yacht, the Amphi trite, owned by Col-'
onel Payne. • They will spend the sum
mer months cruising and will go to the
North Cape 'and thence back to ¦ Egypt.:
On their return to this country they will
make their home in/New York. * ;
. The romance which ended to-day, began
at one of, the Tale promenades two years
:agO, when* Miss Hay- visited her brother
at New- Haven. "Mr. .Whitney-. and .Adei
.bert'Hay were,classmates. ; ¦ :-';' '" ¦ : .
An Extended i Honeymoon.
presslve service of the- Episcopal church
was used, and during the prayer the bri
dal couple knelt. on a white silk cushion. 1
-The .wedding ¦ party immediately after
the ceremony drove to the home of Sec
retary Hay, where the wedding breakfast
was served. This was attended by Presi
dent and Mrs. Roosevelt, and by near
friends and relatives of the family.
In. numbers and magnificence the gifts
to the bride v surpassed those of any
Washington . wedding. Aside from - the
house in New "York given to Mr>. Whit
ney by his uncle. Colonel • O. H. Payne^
and the dowry of the bride, a snug for
tune" in itself, the list of. presents was
unusually large.and consisted of gifts of
great value. Mr.- Whitney gave his bride
a ' magnificent' s collar -of diamonds. ¦* A
diamond-brooch ruby and diamond
ring were the gifts - of William C.\Whit
.ney.' Colonel Payne's gift waa. a superb
; diamond"^necklace: with ' a •': pendant; of
. pearls and diamonds. '¦'•"¦ ; -
Baroness Hengelmuller, wore a costume
of pale gray/cloth : trimmed in bands of
.Persian trimming...' :/ "<-¦
Mme. Wu wore, an Oriental costume of
blue arid Tose. . : , .'', . :
Lady Pauncefbte wore a gown ofblack
cloth with wedge-shaped -. pieces of < light
sage green cloth let in . in horizontal
bands.: ¦:¦ , , ' ¦ ••;. ' :'¦
were those worn by Mrs. Boosevelt, who
was gowned in cream corded f silk % trim
med with chiffon. Over this she wore a
black taffeta coat trimmed : with lace and
chiffon. "..Her hat was black: and •white
velvet; and silk., Miss , Alice . Roosevelt
wore a, dark blue corduroy gown with
trimmings of Irish point lace over 'white
satin. '.Her, hat- waa blue to match.,
-Countess Cassini was gowned in white
cloth tucked and trimmed with bands of
Russian lace.' Her 1 hat was also of white
Cloth.-^ , v - . ¦ ;.r ,- , V ¦ . . ¦• •. ¦- - • , • -
THE BAN FEAiNGISCO. O^LLV FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7^ 1902.
2
ADVESTISE2HE1TTS.
always indicate a weak heart.
They are usually preceeded or
followed by palpitation or flut-
,tering,-^and there- may - b&- pain
in left side, a smothering sen-
sation and shortness of breath.
Such a heart should be treated
at once, before the disease de-
velops beyond control. Heart
disease is .as easily cured as othcj
troubles if taken in time. ,,»j'
"I xras subject to faintingj
spells, and many times I have
fallen on the street. 1 was often
compelled to si t down wnile walk-
ing to avoid falling. Whenphysi- \
clans failed to help me, i took
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure and was
. completely cured." ;
N v-,. v Chables D. Eandaix.
i -% Ellicottyille, H. Y, .
D*. Miles'
Hea?t C&?e
-. ' ¦;¦•'' l
is especially adapted to remove
all irregularities of the' heart's
action. Sold by druggists on
guarantee. -•*; >¦
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elihart» Ina.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSO1I STREET.
San Francisco Gaa Coke for sjale to families
and to the .trade at reduced rate*.
Oppression. Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, cored bj
ESPIG'S CIGARETTES,or POWDER
P»rls, J. BSPIC ; New York, B. FOUGERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALI. DRUGGISTS^
DR.P3ERCES
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOaiaVER.LUNGS.
fpij^ WONG WOO,
UJ CHINESE TEA AND HERB
fc 1 SANITARIUM
.^^s|v 764-66 Clay St., S. P., Gil.
TEKpS^fW \ LL, DISEASES CURED
fffUm^Uta^ . *\ exclusively, by Cblseu
h«rbs. over 3000 varieties being used. ' Hour*
8:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 0 p. m.
i* cf E ' 5 *f is a Bon-T5oi*5UOTCJ
-jKjGggBSS&SiifoZJa £"nody for Gonorrhoea-
jjfSgjr CURES Whites, nnnatnral di»-
JKSjgy la 1 to & d»j«. w charges, or any inflamnii-
Ij^jj Guaranteed to * a tion, irritation or ulcori-
fL 41 Pmeni eonugion. tion of mucous men-
KWtheEyam Chem!caiCo. b I" c f -* 1 T^l^HZ 1 '
«^!"^ rmi"««i«Ti n PtoW! •Sola by r>rcBSJ*t*»
\$^ MC '»»ro.°-ippor sent in slain wr^per.
]$S»5?W b ? oxpraa, prepaid, fo?
. ¦ ¦^^BHyjpi i agr» o Ift Circular aoat oa request.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMUNX BITTEBS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: elves health and
strength to aexual organs.- Depot, 323 Marluu
Bv golfshirts left which, we put S^^^^^^^^sJ?' 8B '%
H on special sale last Tuesday. ' ¦ , #^^^"^^s2iar M
H.w,ould Have been all gone before, this except that, we had ¦
i ioo dozen of them. They are made from madras, heavy B
S percale and good muslin, with silk fronts, in a number of |i
B neat patterns and colorings; pair of separate cuffs with -h
H each shirt; sizes 14 to. 17, and principally in the 'popular H
Ir sizes 15, 16 and 1 65^; former prices 50c and .75c — every u
BL shirt, until they are gone, can be had for p
7 THIS IS TO BE A CLEAN-SWEEPING SALE r J
/a At prices that are positively ridiculous when compared to the value of the w*
¦^ goods offered. These prices appeal to the Imagination, but the goods them- l«
3 r eelvee will convince you. - -. . . • ¦ , - , .1
\\ /VieiX'S SUITS. I
f $9.50 MEN'S SUITS, cale price .-. *5.K.-» • I
€ f 11. 00 MEN'S SUITS, sale price *«.«.% Me
fl $13.50 MEN'S SUITS, sale price .Sp7.S3 V
4» These goods are all wool, in caselmercs and worsteds. 1
|| t OV'-RGOATS; ' 1.
'I* $9.50 OVERCOATS, sale price'. -.$5.str. v I 1
R $11.00 OVERCOATS, sale price .««.85 ' '¦-- m
R $13.50 OVERCOATS, sale price 97.8.1 "
All latest styles and handsomely tailored. ,
JP CHI.tl D'^EIN'S-* SUITS. .
L% Special attention given to fitting of children's suits. -'.."i •'¦
Y*A11 12.00 and $2.50 SUITS to go at ;-. ..fl^S
f |A11 $2.50 and $3.00 SUITS to go at ..81.85
IHBOrs* KNEE PAXTS. regular value ROe, special price .21c
I H nray line of MKX'S $2.00 PANTS at 81.13
fl ¦ itmy line of MEN'S $2.50 PANTS at ifcl.S.I
fl ¦' Sol? Aeonjs for Carhartt'a UNION-MADE - OVERALLS.
hi uhser , fifth; and market streets. J. Article 3. Danish subjects residing In said
islands may remain therein or remove there
from at will ; retaining in either event all
their rights of property, including the right to
sell or dispose of such property or its pro
ceeds: and In case they remain in the islands
they shall continue, until otherwise provided,
to enjoy all the municipal rights and liberties 1
secured to them now by the laws at present in
force. If the present laws are altered the In
habitants shall not thereby be placed In less
favorable position in respect to the above
named rights and liberties than they now en-
Joy. ! Those who remain In the islands may
preserve ' their allegiance to the crown of Den
mark by making, before the court of record
within two years from the date of the exchange
of ratifications of this convention, a declara
tion of jtheir decision < to preserve such alle
giance. . in default of which declaration they
shall be held to have renounced'lt and to have
accepted allegiance to the United States; but
such election of Danish allegiance shall not,
after the lapse of said term of two years, be
a bar to their renunciation of their preserved
Danish allegiance and their election of alle
giance to the United States and admission to
the nationality thereof on the same terms as
may be provided according to the laws of the
United States for other inhabitants of the isl
ands. . . . . ¦ , •
«rty of the Danish Government shall not be
Included in such purchase.
Churches to Retain Their Property.
,. It Is, moreover, agreed and understood :
First, that the congregations belonging to
the Danish national church shall remain in
possession of the churches which are now used
by them, together with the parsonages apper
taining thereunto, and secondly, that sums due
to the Danish treasuryvby individuals are re
served and do not pass by this cession; and
where the Danish Government shall- at the time
of the cession hold property taken over by
the* Danish treasury for sums due by individ
uals, such property shall not pass by this ces
sion, but the Danish Government shall sell or
dispose of such property and remove its pro
ceeds within two years from the date of the
exchange of the ratifications of this conven
tion, the United States Government being en
titled to sell by public auction, to the credit
of the Danish Government, what may n6t have
been sold before the expiration of the said
term of. two years.
same basis as the Danish subjects residing In
the islands and remaining therein or removing
therefrom to whom the first paragraph of. this
article, relates
Ninety Days to Pay Purchase -Price.
Article 4. Formal delivery of the territory
and property ceded as aforesaid shall be mads
immediately after the payment by the United
States of the sum of money stipulated In the
fifth article hereof, but the cession with t'ue
right of immediate possession is nevertheless
to be deemed complete on the exchange of tha
ratifications of this convention, and any Dan
ish troops which may be in the islands afore
said shall be withdrawn as soon thereafter as
may be practicable, but not later than six
months after the said exchange; it being, how
ever, understood that if those persons, after
having terminated their Danish service, do not
wish to leave the islands, they shall be al
lowed to remain there as civilians.
Article 5. In full consideration of. the ces
sion of said Islands, In full sovereignty, en
tire and unincumbered except as stipulated in
tho present convention, i the United States
agrees to pay within ninety days of the date
of the ratification of this convention. In tht*
city of "Washington, to the diplomatic represen
tative or other agent of his Majesty, the Kin<
of Denmark duly authorized to receive the
money, the sum of $3,000,000 in gold coin of
the United States. , "
Article 6." In case of difference of oplnicn
arising between the high contracting parties in
regard to the Interpretation or application of
this convention, such differences, if they can
not be regulated through diplomatic negotia
tions, shall be submitted for arbitration to the
permanent court of arbitration at The Hague.
Article 7. The ratifications of thi3 convention
shall be exchanged at Washington within six
months from the date thereof, after It shall
have been ratified by both the high contracting
parties according to their respective procedure.
Britons Entertain Schwab.
LONDON, Feb. 6.— Joseph Lawrence,
M. P., and Archibald "W. Maconochls, M.
P., entertained Charles M. Schwab, presi
dent of the United States Steel Corpora
tion, and Mrs. Schwab at dinner at the
House of Commons to-night. The guests
included Chamberlain, the Colonial Sec
retary; Lord Kelvin, president of the
Royal Society, Edinburgh; Sir Thomas
Lipton; Sir Edward H. Carson, Solicitor
General; Colonel Hunsiker, chairman of
the Nickel Corporation, and Mrs. Hun
siker; John Fletcher Moulton. M. P.," and
Arthur Keen, chairman of the Dowlaia
Iron, Steel and Coal Company.
_-_. _ . —ASHINGTON. Feb. 6.— The
\\ \\ / treaty between the United
\\/N\/ I States for the cession of the
V - V '' Dani8h West Indian Islands—
V : St. Thomas, St. John and St.
Croix— which was recently negotiated be
tween Secretary Hay on the part of the
United States and Minister Brun for Den
mark, provides: ' _
: Article 1. His Majesty, the King of Den
mark, agrees to cede to the United States,
immediately upon the exchange of the ratifica
tions of this .convention, the . islands of St.
.Thomas, St. John and St. Croix. In the West
Indies,' with the adjacent islands and rocks.
'comprising in said cession all titles and claims
'of .title , to the territories In and about said
islands 'over which the crown' of Denmark now
exercises, -asserts or claims jurisdiction. This
cession conveys .to the United States the said
islands and appurtenances in full sovereignty,
entire and unincumbered except as stipulated
in the present convention, with all the domin
ion, rights and powers which Denmark now
•possesses, exercises, asserts and claims there
on; it being, however, understood and agreed
that the consummation of said . cession does
not import the transference to the United States
of the financial claims now held' by Denmark
against, the colonial treasuries of the islands,
it being agreed that these claims are altogether
extinguished in consequence * of the cession.
And' it is moreover understood and agreed that
: the. United States will assume and continue to
discharge from . the time of the cession the
obligations heretofore . incumbent upon "the
Danish Government toward I the St. Thomas
Dock Company and the West India
and Panama Telegraph ' Company.
: Article 2. The aforesaid title conveys to the
United States the absolute fee and ownership
'of all public. Government and crown lands,
public lands, ports, harbors, fortifications, bar
racks and . all other public property of every
kind and description belonging to the Gov
ernment of Denmark, together with every right
and appurtenance thereupon; it being, how
ever, : agreed that the arms and military stores
existing. In the islands at the time of the.ces
sion and belonging to the Government of Den
mark shall remain the property of that Govern
ment'and shall, as soon as circumstances shall
permit, be removed by It, unless they, or parts
thereof. -, may before have been bought by the
Government of the United States upon a special
agreement ¦ made with the Governmnt of Den
mark; it, being, however, -understood that flags
and colors, . uniforms and such arms or'mili
tary objects as, are marked. as being the prop-
Civil Rights and Political Status of Jthe Inhabitants of the Ceded Territory
, Shall Be Determined by Congress, Subject to Stipulations Contained
in the Treaty Signed by Secretary of State Hay and Minister Brun
FIVE MILLION DOLLARS THE PRICE
OF DANISH WEST INDIAN ISLANDS
3
RULER OF THE OTTOMAN EMPIRE AND HIS FUGITIVE BROTHER
IN-LAW, WHO HAS BEEN TRIED ON A CHARGE OF TREASON BY
A COURT AT CONSTANTINOPLE AND SENTENCED TO DEATH.
It's an antiseptic ointment; that stops irrita
tion,' subdues inflammation and drives out pain.
It cures piles.' jAlso for burns, bruises, 'chaflngsi
chilblains. . earache, catarrh,;- cold in head and
skin -irritations. .- Prfge,"'- 25c , and 50c,". at • drug
gists or by mall. Salya-ceai S7i Canal stjN.Y.
What : Is . Salva-ceaP
Sirs. . Soffel Collapsing.
t , PITTSBURG, Feb. 6.— Word comes to
night from, Butler to* the effect that Mrs.
Soffel, the accomplice of the Blddle broth
ers, is considerably worse. Her, wound
seems to be healing, but she takes little
nourishment, and her mental condition, is
described as approaching collapse. <"•
, MARTINKZ, Feb. 6.— The Coroner's Jury
to-day depided that K. Okamoto, a Japa
nese, came to his death last Sunday night
from gunshot wounds inflicted by M;
Arle, another Japanese, at the Swett
ranch.Vin Alhambra Valley. Arie was the
foreman of the ranch. He was charged
with murder. j
Japanese Cliarged' With Murder.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— An explosion of
dynamite- in -the- rapid- transit . subway
construction'. * In Park avenue, . between
Forty-first and Forty-second f streets, to
day hurled a piece of rock weighing thirty
pounds through the plate glass door of
the Grand -Union, Hotel and broke several
windows in that establishment. Two per
sona were hurt - by flying . fragments, but
neither of them sustained serious injury.
Dynamite Explosion in a Tunnel
LOS GATOS, Feb. 6.— A large mass
meeting of business men and citizens was
held to-night for the : purpose of making
arrangements ' for the reception of tour
ists who will arrive on the belt line ob
servation train," which makes its first trip
on Saturday.' The new train leaves.Oak
land at 9:10 a.; m.,; passing through San
Jose, and at Los Gatos at 1:30
p. m. The guests .will be taken on short
drives. '••The train will leave shortly after
3 o'clock and return : to : San Francisco on
tho west side of the bay; stopping at Palo
Alto for a short time.- ¦- ¦ .
Lbs "(Jatos Prepares Greeting.
Wooos, who was confined in an upstairs
cell with a young: prisoner, overawed the
latter in come manner, and as he was
POHTLAND, Or., Feb. 6.— Frank
Woods, alias "St Louis Frank," who is
awaiting transportation to San Francisco,
¦where he will be charged with complicity
In the murder of Policeman Robinson,
tried to escape from the City Jail to
night by raising the ventilator. The at
tempt was detected in time and he was
then heavily ironed to his bed. -
Esedal Dispatch to The Call.
D. Edward Collins, president of the Cali
fornia Bank of Oakland, was elected pres
ident for the ensuing- year. The executive
committee made its report; which did not
indicate any material changes In the
status of the organization, but showed
slight gains In membership and the
growth of the 1 several departments.
Among the recommendations was the ap
pointment of an additional State secre
tary for college settlement work.
There are about 100 delegates already in
the city and fifty, more are expected to
morrow. The delegations from San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Sacramento, Santa Cruz
and Fresno arrived at noon and were met
and conducted to places of entertainment
by officers of the local association.- \ .
At to-night'a meeting," which followed a
collation, Mayor Weight extended a wel
come on behalf of the city, the Rev. J.
M. Huston on behalf of the evangelical
churches and President Collins for the Pa
sadena association.*. Retiring President
McCoy responded for the State organiza
tions. The session of the convention will
continue until Sunday.
PASADENA, Feb. 6.— The twenty-first
annual convention of the State organiza
tion of. the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation convened in this city to-night.
'¦?. SAN JOSE, Feb. 6.— The old homestead
of the late General Henry M. r Naglee,
which has been one of the landmarks of
the city for years. Is to be cut up and put
on^the market in building lots. At the
time of the general's • death,/ some years
ago, 'the property went to his two daugh.
ters, Mrs. Thomas Robins . and Mrs. J.'
Naglee Burk. The daughters make their
home in Philadelphia, and for the last
ten years the* place has been going to
ruin. At one time it had the finest
grounds of any home in the State. There
are 142 acres in the tract, and the whole
of it is situated inside the city limits.-
Be Put Upon the
Market.
Famous Estate at San Jose Will Soon
NA.GLEE HOMESTEAD
• TO BE SOLD IN LOTS
Young Men's Christian
Association Begins
Convention.
land Jail.
"St. Louis Frank" Seeks
Freedom From Port-
OAKLAND GETS
THE PRESIDENCY
only ironed around his ankles he dragged
his bed under the ventilator, placed a
table above the bed and was In the act
of raising the ventilator to get on the
roof and escape into Chinatpwn. A noise
downstairs alarmed him and he put the
bed and table into place. He flung him
self Into the bed and was pretending to
be asleep when Jailer Johnson came in.
Johnson examined "Woods' irons '. and
found them as he had left them, but be
came conscious of a draught of air pro
ceeding from the roof. Then he saw that
the ventilator had been partly ' raised.
Woods refused to explain anything about
the matter, and he was ironed /-to tho
rail of his bed by wrist irons, so that he
could only move about three inches. He
became sulky and said:
"These Irons are cruel things. They are
In the way." ' ¦
"Yes," the Jailer remarked, "we have
placed you ' in irons so that .we will be
sure to see you In the morning."
It Is probable that Woods will be taken
to San Francisco to-night or some time
to-morrow.
Belies cf the Lost Matteawin
PORT TOWNSEND, Feb. 6.— Wreckage
from the missing steamer Matteawan,
found by Indians southof Cape Flattery,
was brought from Neah Bay by the
steamer Alice Gertrude this morning. It
consisted of a medicine chest, life pre
servers, life buoy and a bucket. The
name Matteawan was on all except the
medicine chest.
the money he could collect had caused
I a sensation there. : He was accompanied
sons were officially proclaimed renegades
and outlaws. '
PLANS ESCAPE
BY VENTILATOR
A dispatch from Constantinople dated
December 18. 1S39, announced that the
fiight of the Sultan's brother-in-law,
Damad Mahmud Pasha, during the pre
vious week with his wife's jewels and all
Examination, to Be Made on Bound
ary Lines of Canada and the
... States.
WASHINGTON, Feb." 6.— Senator Platt
of New York to-day , introduced in the
Senate a joint resolution providing for the 1
appointment of a joint commission by the
United States and Canada to examine
and report upon the diversion of the
waters between the two countries. The
resolution requires that each country
shall appoint two members of the com
mission, and that it shall investigate "the
condition and uses of the waters adjacent
to the boundary* line between the United
States and Canada, including .all the
waters . of the lakes and rivers whose
waters flow by the St.. Lawrence River, to
the Atlantic Ocean." - .
-The commission also is to report upon
tne effect upon the shores of these waters
and the structures thereon by reason of
the diversion of these waters from their
natural channels, and upon the interests
of navigation, and,' further, upon ' the
measures necessary to regulate such di
version. !¦••¦••¦ ' ''
DIVERSION OF WATERS
TO BE INVESTIGATED
CONSTANTINOPLE. Feb. 6.— The
Sultan's brother-in-law, Damad
Mahmud Pasha, has been sen
tenced to death. Mahmud has
long been prominent in the Young
Turk movement and was recently ex
pelled from Greece at the behest of the
Sultan. Mahraud ¦went- to Rome and the
Sultan requested his expulsion from Italy.
It was refused, but Mahmud proceeded
to Paris, where he remains in safety. All
the Sultan's blandishments failed, to In
duce him to return to Constantinople, and
the criminal court was instructed to Issue
a warrant for Mahmud's arrest and to try
the fugitive by default, with the result
that he was condemned .to death.
• James' W.' Crowle'yv vthe husband of the
preceding witness was called and testi
fied that he -saw Henry Knox, Harry
Knox and "Will McDaniels on a range
seven miles from Lookout at 10 o'clock on
the morning of May 30. Hutton has testi
fied that -they attended a meeting of tlie
lynchers between 7 and 8 that morning.
The case goes on to-morrow.
The wrangling was resumed at *the
afternoon' session and continued during
the day.',Rpws were so frequent that lit
tle was the way of ex
aminatfpt?T.of? witnesses. Counsel con
tinued to 'attack each, other and the law
yers for the defense continued the abuse
of Judge Harrington, accusing him of un
fairness in the trial and doing all possible
to keep out evidence in fa^vor of the ac
cused. ' ' - ¦¦( \
Mrs. Jennie Crowley, daughter of J. R.
Myers,' stated that' she was at home with
Mrs. Nichols on the morning of May 30
from 7 o'clock until 11 while Mrs. Rucker
was" there. •, Mrs.' Crowley stated that
Dick Nichols did not leave the house that
morning. ¦•'. Mrs. Rucker testified he was
absent on an errand for twenty minutes.
Among Lawyers.
Mrs. said that she visited ,Trow
bridge's store and thence went to Mrs.
Nichols' house, where she stopped for
some time. Dick Nichols, one of the ac
cused, came into the house while she v.as
there. Witness sent him on an errand to
Meyers' Hotel to see John Hutton and ask
him to accompany her, to Tule Lake.
What Hutton's answer was ' was not al
lowed to come out. From Mrs. Nichols*
house, the witness . went to - Mrs. Bob
Leventon's for lunch and then back again
to , Mrs. Nichols'. From Mrs. .Nichols'
house the .witness then ( went to!Trow
bridge's store and was asked if she 'had
not seen this and that person, Raker nam
ing the persons. The court remarked that
Baker was asking educating questions,
.Tad would 'not permit an answer.
As soon. as court opened Judge Harring
ton declared that the defense was keeping
witnesses in Alturas at the expense of
the county when counsel knew they would
not call them to the stand. He asserted
that at least one witness .was subpenaed
by the defense with the view of keeping
him out of the courtroom and for. no other
purpose. . The counsel. for the defense de
nied the accusation vehemently. • .
Mrs. Mollie Rucker testified . that . she
drove into Lookout the morning of May
30 last, arriving there about 8 o'clock. She
saw Joe Leventon on the road near, the
schoolhouse, and on arriving in. town saw
Jim Brown and Bob Leventon at Trow
bridge's trough,, watering horses. This is
the morning on which John Huttbn.aaid
an important meeting was held in Trow
brldge's store to perfect arrangements for
the lynching and to . prepare the ropes
with which the men'^ere lynched.- : :.
County Losing. Money.
¦' For a few minutes there. seemed a like
lihood that the Judge would make -'good
his threat to have it out in frontier fash
ion | with the recalcitrant lawyer,' but
Spencer subsided in time to avert hostili
ties. .•-: ¦» ¦ "-
With this cutting verbal ;' thrust and
delicate I counter-thrust the trial of J im
Brown, the alleged leader of j the Lookout
lynchers, got a brisk start this niornlng.
Spencer, one of the attorneys for Brown,
was angry clear through and the court'a
exasperation "was not concealed 1 by. any
over-abundant judicial ¦:'¦/;; r. ; ; '
ALTURAS, Feb. 6.— "You might as well
take the defendant out and hang v him.
You shut out every bit of evidence in rils
favor," said the wrath-kindled Spencer.. .'.
"Yes, and some think the counsel ought
to be hanged, too," retorted. Judge Har
rington. ' *". "" .."'"
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Woman Tells ¦ About Gathering : of
Men When Arrangements Are' S§
Said to Have Been Made :
for the Crime. ¦¦ :v
Ire of the Court Nearly Pre
:.-. . cipitates a- Serious
~ Fight
by his two sons, Princes Sabaggedlt and
Luthfalla.
It was ascertained that Mahmud sailed
for Marseilles on a steamer and the Turk
ish Government telegraphed to the
French, Minister of Foreign Affairs, M.
Delcasse, asking for the -arrest of the
fugitive on his arrival" at Marseilles and
his return to Constantinople on • the
charge that he was implicated in a plot to
assassinate the ¦ Sultan. This accusation,
however, ¦was generally, discredited, and
it was believed the refugee was the vic
tim of an intrigue. ' \; *•-¦,«
A later dispatch from Constantinople
said .Mahmud, who intended to stay, in
Paris for a time, declared that the charge
that he had appropriated money' and ac
cepted bribes was a calumny and that he
was being persecuted by political in- :
triguers. Mahmud announced that he in
tended to go to London and 'that when he
reached that city he would publish an;
open letter exposing the . methods and
policies of Sultan Abdul Hamid, and afso
a brochure entitled "Turkey's ; Coming
Downfall."
Mahmud is about 50 years of age. The
Sultan, after- Mahmud's flight, decreed
the divorce of his sister, Senlha Sultana;
In consequence of her husband's deser
tion. .
Mahmud realized 2.000.000 francs just be
fore his departure, but his principal es
tates were confiscated and he and his
Delicately to Mr.
Spencer.
Alturas Jurist Replies
Failing in All His Blandishments to Cause His Elusive Relative to Return to
\ Constantinople, Abdul Hamid Instructs the Criminal Court to Try
Damad Mahmud Pasha on a Charge of Treason and Condemn Him
JUDGE SAYS
THE LAWYERS
NEED A ROPE
SULTAN'S FUGITIVE BROTHER-IN-LAW
IS PLACED UNDER SENTENCE OF DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, 7, 1902.
Danish subjects not residing In the islands but
owning property therein at the time of the
cession shall retain their rights of property. In
cluding the right to sell or dispose of such
property, being placed in this regard on the
The civil rights and the political status of
the Inhabitants of the islands shall be deter
mined by the Congress subject to the stipula
tions contained in the present convention.
SECOND ANNUAL
AUCTION
OF ABOUT 1000 GEMS IN
ORIENTAL RUGS
. COMMENCING :J
TO-DAY, February T,
" 10:30 A. M. AND 2 P. M.
HAGOPIAN.& CO., 230 POST STREE1J
BETWEEN GRANTAVENUE AND STOCKTON STREET.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Art Auctioneer.
CATALOGUES.
Some unusual but welcome values in men's and boys'
" ¦ ' - ¦ : • KA • -' Bfl ' bS • KgA BB ruhi »t5 HB h9 1Sw9 jjjjjj pcb
Our store is" growing much Before our spring goods ar-
faster than >ny outsider would rive we want to clear out all the ¦
realize—January of this year Jboys' and youths' clothes we
far exceeding January of 1 90 1 have that are at alhincomplete
in the extent of sales. The rea- in sizes. We expect that these
son for this growth simply lies immense values will accom-
iri the values we give at all plish the purpose.- We let the |
times and.in the liberal policy values speak for themselves. :
of tjie storejn granting money , Two-pi^ce I Norfolk 5uitS
back exchanges, alterations M ? de Scotch tweeds and cheviots m nea t
and 'free repairing. Here are mixtures, ages 8to 16 and 3 to io, respectively.
twojnteresting values: - W$§$^£m^^^
Sack suits of Scotch mixtures in single and $4 50, £5.00, up to $7. 56/ go at $2.85.
double breasted styles, winter-weight mate- ¦ vV-- • ~ • \
rials, broken assortment of s-izes left over frcm ' - YOllthS «SllltS '
heavy December selling, former price $12.50; Made o f winter-weight materials, in many I .
now to be had for patterns, single or double-breasted, former
i|j^^ £^ W* prices $7.00, $8.50, $10.00 and $12.50; now
¦'"-'" f^ \\ reduced to $5. 45. -
We are pleased tosay that we have lately re- Made of covert material in neat, light shades,
ceived another large shipment fr«m our work- of tan. Topcoats for children from '3 to 8 years, j ;
.shops of our special $9.60 suits, which are so former price $4.00, now $2.60; topcoats for j
popular with so many people; the assortment boys from 9 to 13, reduced from $5.00 to $3.20; i
•contains rough and smooth cheviots in black and topcoats for youths frcm 14 to 19, marked down
white stripeSj olive shades and brown, mix- from $6. 50 to $4.00.
tures, blue serges and Black clay worsteds, in \/ I 4. '
round-cornere^, or double-breasted YOKCCOcitS ;
sa:k suits, union made; th\ suits are'eertainly • Made oJ all-wool tweeds in herring-bone !
wonders at the price— weaves, invisible stripes, checks and pfnhead
&tf^ £\if\ effects comprising many nobby mixtures, ages
¦ J/ # \/\/ • 4^614 years, .former, prices £6.00 and £7.00,
! . now. reduced to $4.65.
' ¦"''» A* 6^ ance a * -oup •;.-¦-'• '-¦ r A ' f mmmm ~ m ~ mmmm ? mmmm^ m ~ m & - Out-'O?' town orders i ;
windows will always j^"^ "^ ¥ Mk / /f^ jT^k ET^k C* j^^f^k. Jilled — wpite us Son
prove interesting, 1^^ •/%! o H || || S X. £& |j T| anything in men's
whether you need \*J I V* *^^ \-r \jr 1&Jr %&J H \S* OV boys' clothing,
• clothes, hats or f ur- , , A w> ? • • ' '~ • ¦"' " ''' • ~J* '^L J jp^ furnishings or
ntehings: 718 Market Street hate - , ,;
m ...... ... fr: ? ' AERIVED., .'.".', ' • ,
...". '.-.' Thursday, February 6. '
; Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 ] hours from Monte
rey'and:-way ports. ¦* ¦ . , :
v- . SAILED. '' * \. '•{-.,
: : - Thursday. February 6. •
Stmr.W H Krusrer. KroK, -." '
Stmr Coqullle River, . Johnson, ' Fort Bragg.
: - OUTSIDE . BOUND IN. -
;.'.- Br ship Dunstaftnage/ from Newcastle, ¦ Eng.
') DOMESTIC PORTS/>-r '"¦
PORT., BLAKELEY— Arrived ' Feb * 6— Schr
Winslow, from Mollsndo* via '.Port Townsend.
PORT GAMBLE—^Arrived Feb &— Schr Gam
ble, from Taku. •-. -.--:
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
. Dr. Voorsanger will lecture this even
ing at 8 o'clock at Temple Emanu-El on
"What Has Modem Civilization Done for
the Bible?" All are invited.
Dr. Voorsanger Will Lecture.
The court holds that the
should have been allowed twenty chal
lenges in the selection of twelve men, but
in the case at bar thirteen men were
chosen. The Justices who dissent hold
that the law allows but twenty challenges
under any circumstances; •
When the trial commenced twelve Jurors
were summoned and three were sworn.
The defendant had then used six peremp
tory challenges. The next day one of the
three men who had been chg.sen was ! ex
cused on account of sickness and the at
torneys for the defense petitioned that
the trial be recommenced. The Judge de
nied the petition and the impanelment
proceeded. The jurymen were finally se
lected, but Zelgler was, not allowed to use
more than the fourteen .remaining chal
lenges, although his attorneys desired to
challenge the twelfth man. i ,
Amos K. Zeigler, : who killed hia wife
with an ax at Santa Cruz about eighteen
months "ago and ' who was sentenced
life imprisonment for the crime, | -was
granted a new trial by the Supreme Court
yesterday. The ground for reversal is
that the jury was improperly impaneled.
Zelgler won his victory by a' very narrow
ir.f rgin, four Justices deciding in his favor
arid three dissenting.
ment of Jury Was Contrary
to the Law.
Supreme Court Holds That Impanel -
SANTA CRUZ MURDERER
IS GRANTED NEW. TRIAL
Judge Murasky decided yesterday-, that
'disputes arising in a. fraternal order cau
nov be, adjusted in a court of equity, thus
dissolving the issued j against
Mrs. Genevieve Baker, grand president cf
the Native Daughters of tht Golden West
by which she was restrained from organ
izing a new parlor at South San Francisco
to be' known as Genevleve Baker Parlor.
The organization of the new parlor was
opposed by- the members- of L.a ; Vespero
Parlor, who claimed that there -was nut
room; In South San Francisco for ¦ two.
They claimed that the new organization
would "cause the. dissolution of the- old
parlor. ' " ** "
Judge' Murasky in deciding the suit
said:. .. •..¦¦-,- ' ( - " ¦ _ - , .¦ ¦ ;
. That a court of : equity will not " interfere
with the affairs of a- voluntary association, ex
cept to protect . the property rights of a mem
ber, Is beyond ' question. ; Such a body must
regulate Its own conduct, deflne its policy and
control Its members. Courts cannot afford re
lief in a - case • of : this kind, even thoutch the
society.be an incorporated . one, unless property
rlehts are involved.:. , ¦ .
nal Disputes Have No Remedy
in Courts.
Judge Murasky Decides That Erater-
INJUNCTION; AGAINST MRS.
G. BiLKER IS DISSOLVED
Dr. McElroy, who dressed young "Wil
son's wound, says" It might prove fatal
The Injured youth lives at tjie Elcho
House, but says his parents live on Pa
cific avenue in Tacoma.
Pied "Wilson, or Shea Seriously
Stabbed by a. Man Known as
"Jakey."
' Fred Wilson, or Shea, a newsboy, * 17
years of age... was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital last night suffering
from a dangerous knife wound in the
abdomen. Wilson and a man known as
"Jakey" became engaged in a brawl at
the comer of Third and Stevenson streets
and the latter, who got the worst of the
encounter, is said to have stabbed young
"Wilson, Edwin Moore and Charles John
son, two companions of the injured youth,
were held as witnesses. On Moore's per
son was found a clasp knife with blood
on it. He claimed to have picked it up
after the * struggle. Policeman William
Harrison chased the man who did the cut
ting, but as the former had a good start
he was not captured. .
CUT IN THE ABDOMEN
DTTRING STEEET FIGHT
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art will
not be open to the public to-day. Alardl
Gras comes this year on February U
and the elaborate preparations for the
carnival ball given in 'Slid of the picture
fund render it impossible to receive anv
one. The next free day will be the first
Friday in March. **•«?
Free Day Postponed.
"Every other: large city with a water
front has one or; more launches or other
craft and the front. is regularly and sys
tematically patrolled. In consequence the
operations of bay or river pirates are ren
dered as difficult as the work of burglars
elsewhere. Here these .'rats' I can do . their
work with slight danger of being detected.
"My predecessors haVe urged the neces
sity of a launch 'for hay. patrol, but year
after year provision for it has been omit
ted from the "tax levy. I shall strongly
urge the purchase I and maintenance of a
patrol boat and shall place it In my esti
mate of expenses of the department when
the time comes." ... ' : '
Chief of Police Wlttman said last nigiit
that it was only another case demonstrat
ing the ,- necessity of a police . boat -for
patrolling the-bay.- He said: . ' .v
.The burglars, had evidently worked frcm
a boat, sawing a large hole through : the
floor. In all the thieves got away with
twenty-seven boxes 'of cigars," ten "boxes
of tobacco, a jar of snuff, 500 cigars not in
boxes and a large quantity of cigarettes.
.Not the slightest .clew was left behind
by the burglars and the. detective put
upon the case by Captain Seymour has
nothing to work on in running down the
thieves. Unless they betray ; themselves
in disposing of the booty they are likely
to escape punishment. " •
Another water-front burglary in which
the thieves worked with impunity as a
result of the police department's lack of
a patrol boat, \ was committed Tuesd«y
night. . The cigar store in front of | the
Castle saloon on East street, near Folsom,
was entered through a hole sawed in the
wharf and the entire stock was stolen,
not so' much as: a package of cigarettes
being left. The proprietor, George Palmer,
says the stolen goods are worth $200. . :
Not So Much as a Pack
age cf Cigarettes Is *
Left Behind.
The afternoon game was the most
spirited of the tournament. It was be
tween Dr. Ij. L.. Mial and John A. Hen
drick. both of New York, and was won by
Hendrtck after a wonderful uphill ¦ game.
Hendrlck was more than a hundred points
behind at one time, haying made but 149
points, in twenty-nine : innings. .Making
the most of every opportunity, he steadily
closed the gap on Dr. :Mial and^finally
•with a run of : eleven won the game, with
Dr. Mial having only four to -go.. Dr.'
Mial eclipsed the previous high run, of the
tournament with a cluster of seventy-nine
by good nursing.
Sigourney — 9, 5, 4, 7. 4, 7, 5, 20, 21, 0, 31,
O: 1, 3, 0, 0. 3. 3, 0, 4, 17, 12,^13, 1, 0, 0.
27, 0, 0. 3, 30, 0, 0..5, 0, 0. 3. %23. 16, 0, 1'
O, 11, v l. 0, 1. 0, 3, 0, 4, 2, 0, 6, 3, 4, 2~.
0, 10, 6, 2, 0, 0, 4, 14, 2., 2, ¦ 3, 3, 2, 1, 0,
0, IS, 0, 6, 1, 7— Total 400. Average, 5 15-77;
high runs, 31, 30, 27, 23. -
Miller— 3, 42, 6, 18, 3, 0, 2, 1. 2, 0, 0, 1. 0,
6, 0, 0, 0, 5, 6, 4, 1,0, 0, IS, 0, 17, 3. 7,
2, 9, 10, 5, ¦ B, 0, 0, 3, 0, 1, 11, 0, 0, 2, 0,
0, '7. 10, 0, 12, 0, 2, 1. 0, 1, 22, 0, 8, 2.
1, JJ>, 0, O, 6, 0, 2, 0. 8, 0, 11, 0, 0, 0, 5,
0, 3. 6. 0, 10 — Total 332. Average, 4 24-77;
hie iuns, 42. 22, 18.*
\NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— Wilson H. Sig
ourney of San Francisco, the ' amateur
champion of the Pacific Coast, defeated
Dr. C. B. Miller of this city 1 in the A. A.
U. , class A billiard tournament to-night
at the I Knickerbocker Athletic - Club. It
was expected the game would be a dose
one and that both players would make a
high average. Instead of this the game
¦was a. long-dra.wn-6ut-one,* the Callfor
nlan having to play seventy-seven innings
before he had counted the desired 400
points. The Western player was handi
capped by the temperature, which was un
even and the ivories did lK>t roll to his
liking. ; He showed marvelous judgment
as to speed and the accuracy of hi^ masse
and draw shots was frequently applauded.
His stroke was rather hard at times, but
he soon learned the speed of the table and
Eome of his gathering shots left nothing
to be desired. His opponent,' Dr". Miller,
gave another exhibition of his \wonderf ul
cushion carom -work and in addition . to
thig^hls gatherings were extremely well
judged. The game ended in favor of Slg
ourney by a score of 400 to 332. Following
is the score in detail: ' .
CALIFOENIAN BIIXIAKJCUST
WINS A LONG CONTEST
There 1b no provision of the charter which
declares contacts made with the city to be
void by reason of the subsequent election of
any one of the contractors to an office under
the city government. Were any member of the
Board of Supervisors, or other city officer, to
ecter Into or acquire an Interest In any con
tract with the city government the contract
would be void and of "no effect and the officer
would forfeit his office and | be forever de
barred .from office or employment under the
government of this city and county. Contracts
are made void only when the contractor him
eelf or some one interested In the contract Is
an officer or employe of the city government
at the time when the contract' . is made, or
when such contract is made during the term
for which such officer was elected or ap
pointed. The election of Mr. Payot to the of
fice of Supervisor in no wise changes the rela
tion of Payot, Upham & Co. toward the city.
Will any contracts for supplies to be fur
nibhed the city, heretofore entered into by the
firm of Payot, Upham & Co. for the fiscal
year, become invalidated or otherwise affected
by the election and subsequent entry of Henry
Fayot, the senior member of said firm, to the
office of Supervisor of the city and county?
I« it a violation of the charter for the firm to
contiiiue to carry out any of such contracts for
the remainder of the present fiscal year?
Iiane answers both queries in the nega
tive. He savs:
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion yes
terday in response to the ' following
queries of the Mayor: . '. .
tion e.s Supervisor Does Not
Change Agreement.
Attorney I.ane Holds That His Elec-
Bum Is a prominent memher of the
Four> Families, with whom, the- Suey
Dongs had trouble a short time, ago, re
sulting in the killing and wounding of at
least a dozen Chinamen. . v
Jue Fl, a member of the Suey Dong So
ciety, made a desperate attempt last even
ing to murder Jue Bum, a wealthy Chi
nese contractor. . j Accompanied by two
Suey Dong hatchetmen Fl went into
Bum's place at 711 Commercial street and
demanded of him $500, which he claimed
was due him for services rendered. Bum
laughed at his demand, when Fi drew a
long Colt's revolver and pointing it at
Bum's breast started to pull the trigger.
Another Chinaman who was in- the
place promptly grabbed the murderous
Chinaman . by the right wrist and
forced him to lower the pistol. Just then
Police Officer Steve Bonner appeared on
the scene • and wrested the revolver from
Bum's : assailant. . He-; was then, hand
cuffed and taken to the City Prison,
where he. was charged' with an assault to
commit murder. , - . ;
to Shoot a Member of the Four
. Families. ;* >
Jue Fi, a Suey Dong Man, Attempts
PIRATES LOOT
TOBACCO STAND
PAYOT'S CONTRACTS WITH
CITY NOT INVALIDATED
TBIES TO MTJBDER RICH '
CHINESE CONTRACTOR
Annie Morrissey, Josephine Egan, Emily
Ooyle. F-. Lynch. T. J. Mellott, James Smith
William Murphy. John O'Connor, James Scul
ly and O. B. O'RieUy. •
Jaraps Smith, chairman; Martin Lacy secre
tary; P. J. Madigan. C. J. Collins J. J O'Con
nor. T. J. Mellott. M. J. Hesslon. William Mur
phy. D. Walsh. O. B. O'Rielly, Josephine Egan
Hannah McCarthy and Emily Doyle.
M. J. Mession was floor manager and P J
Ma'!i & an. John kynch, C. J. Collins,. D. Walsh"
P. D. Kelleher and M. Lacy composed the re
ception committee.
The following were assistants to the
floor manager:
The flags stood side by side and formed
a bower over the knee-breeched lad
dies and the dainty colleens. To the
brightest music, the reels and the jigs,
the great and merry party dancc4 until a
late hour. The Gaelic Dancing Club
proved rare hosts and its arrangements
were in every respect complete.
Joseph P. Kelleher was chairman of the
dancing and the following were the com
riii.tee on arrangements:
Odd Fellows' Hall never looked brighter
or prettier, for. those who had charge
of the arrangements baw to it that the
flag of Erin was to be of a superior qual
ity and also that the American ensign
was to be equally new and fine.
To the hearty strains of "St. Patrick's
Day in the Morning" the first annual ball
and concert cf the Gaelic Dancing Club
started off last night at Odd Fellows'
Hall. Had the Mechanics' Pavilion been
engaged for the occasion It would just
have been large enough to have accom
modated the vast crowd that crushed into
the hall and the hundreds that left dis
appointed at being unable to get even a
glimpse of the agile young men and
women who so admirably showed those
uho were fortunate enough to be on
lookers hov; the original dances of Ire
lard v/ere and are danced even • to this
day.
dies Members Step the Heel
and Jig.
To Quaint and Pleasing Irish Melo-
GAELIC DANCING CLUB
ENJOYS MEBEY EVENING
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Feb. 6.— Ulysses
Whlttaker, colored, charged with the
murder of John Doster three weeks ago,
was 4aken from jail at Lynchburg last
night and hanged by a mob. Whittaker's
case was called in court yesterday and
continued.
After the assault Brown, who was aged
19, was arrested and this morning he was
taken to the home, of the victim, who
lully identified him. To make the identi
fication doubly sure, the negro was taken
to the scene of the assault in charge of
officers, followed by a mob of 200 armed
men, determined that he should not be
transferred to Lexington. The mob fol
lowed closely behind the carriage and was
reinforced by many men on the way.
When nearing the Courthouse the car
riage was suddenly surrounded and the
mob dragged the negro from the authori
ties, who made a strong resistance.
Brown was hurried to the Courthouse
yard, where a rope was quickly put
around his neck and he was dragged up
over the limb of a tree. He was strangled
to death. The whole city turned out to
witness the lynching.
NICHOLASVILLE.^Ky,, Feb. 6.— Tom
Brown, the negro who assaulted Miss
Delia Powell yesterday, was taken .from
the officers this afternoon and lynched.
During the night the mob made repeated
attempts to get the prisoner, but failed.
Miss Powell is a student at the Jessa
mine Institute in this city and lives at
her brother's % home, about three miles
north. Last evening she started home in
company with the Misses Braden, who
also live out of town and attend school
here.
Leaving the Braden girls at their home,
Miss Powell continued on foot on her
way to her brother's, about half a mile
farther on.
The steamer Echo was battling with the
current several miles above Wenatchee
when her cylinder head suddenly, blew
out, and she was«ieft at the mercy of the
current. She drifted down stream with
increasing speed.. Captain Cumins and
crew endeavored vainly to run her ashore.
She was swept past Wenatchee and had
gone some distance further down the
river when Captain Cumins, realizing
that destruction was imminent, began
looking for something to use as an anchor.
His eye lighted upon a redhot coal stove
in the cabin, the stove being full of coal,
as the weather was away below zero, f
Seizing the chains he threw them
around the stove and quickly attached the
cable. The stove was then, dumped over
board for anchorage purposes. It held
firm and the boat was stopped until a
line could be got ashore. -.
TACOMA, Wash.. Feb. 6.—From.Wen
atchee comes a story of how a: redhot
stove saved a steamer from being wrecked
several days ago. The Columbia River
sweeps past Wenatchee -with a current of
twelve to fifteen miles an hour. Steamera
require powerful machinery to ascend the
stream and when the conditions are
favorable it takes a steamer twelve
hours to' go fifty miles from Wena tehee to
Chelan Landing-, v . «
Special Dispatch td The Call. "
George Miner, a young man residing at
417 Union street, was treated at the Gen
eral Emergency Hospital yesterday- by
Dr. "James Murphy for a gunshot woun-i
in the face. He and his brother Mitcher
quareled over some trivial matter and
Mitcher seized a small caliber pistol and
discharged it at his brother's facfc The
bullet entered the cheek and lodged in
the neck. Dr. Bunnell will try to locate
it with the X ray. There was no arrest
made, as the wounded boy declined to
charge his brother with the offense.
Shoots His Brother in the Face.
Take Him From Deputies
and String Him Up
in a Courtyard.
Henry Anderson testified that he first
met Blythe in 1SS0, when he traveled with
him to New York. He said Blythe ate
lunch with him twice, and during the
course of one of the meals mentioned the
fact that his wife wanted to put up a
lunch for him. The witness here com
menced to describe the number of kinds
of chicken and wine they had together
and was stopped with difficulty. He then
said the next time he met Blythe was
after his return from New York, when
he called upon the millionaire at his
Market-street office. He said Alice Eii'.th
was introduced to him by Blythe as his
wife.
Martin was followed by N. P. Perlne, a
contractor, who said Blythe always gave
him the Impression that he was married,
and that he frequently told him he had
a daughter in England.
ANDERSON SAYS BLYTHE
MADE CONFIDANT OF HIM
01 her Witnesses Swear Alice Edith
Was Introduced to Them by
Millionaire as His. Wife.
The trial of the suit of Hiram Unruh
to secure possession of -the -Blythe prop
erty was . resumed yesterday in Judge
Hunt's court. Although the presence of
Alice Edith Dickason was not required
until next Monday, she was present in
court, accompanied by her nurse. She
was an interested listener and evidenced
her satisfaction wfjene'er the witness and
her lawyers referred to her as Mrs.
Blythe, -
F. A. Martin of Denver, Colorado, who
told the court that he did not think "the
little woman was being treated right,"
said he came all the way from his moun
tain home to testify that she was intro
duced to him by Blythe as Mrs. Blythe.
Resourceful Skipper Hits
Upon New Sort of
Anchor.
John Naftaly, representative of an
Eastern furniture firm and who lives in
Oakland, was waylaid last night by two
unknown men on Ash avenue, near Gough
street, and severely beaten on the head
with a club.
Naftaly lives at S16 Clay street. Oakland.
He came to this side of the bay last night
to see his wife, with whom he is said to
have had some trouble. She was living
with relatives on Ash avenue, near the
scene of the assault. On nearing his
wife's house Naftaly was set upon by two
men, who struck him on the head with a
club, knocking him senseless. He was
taken to Dr. S. J. Crowley's drug store,
corner of McAllister and Franklin streets,
where Dr. Crowley found it necessary to
put nine stitches in his scalp. Naftaly
claims to know of no reason why ha
should be assaulted.
Handled on This Side of the
Bay.
John Naf taly of Oakland Boughly
•WAVT.AT-n AND KNOCKED
DOWN WITH A CLTJB
RED-HOT STOVE
SAVES STEAMER
OCCIDENTAL, Feb.. 6.— At 11 o'clock
Tuesday night an explosion caused a dis
astrous fire here.' ¦ It is not known how
the explosion occurred. Several buildings
were destroyed 'and the loss is about
$.9000. .;...¦•",.
Disastrous Blaze at Occidental.
Army orders: Colonel A. L. Wagner,
assistant adjutant general, is transferred
from the Philippines to Chicago. Lieu
tenant H. O. S. Heistand, assistant adju
tant general, is transferred from Wash
ington, D. C. to the Philippines. First
Lieutenant Edwin W. Rich, assistant
curgeon, upon his arrival at San Fran
cisco will be assig-ned to duty at the gen
eral hospital at the Presidio."
Washington: Original— George H. Mott,
Seattle, ?6. War with Spain— Nathan Jet
niore, Vancouver Barracks. S6. Increase
—William D. Myers, Spokane, $25.
Widow— Hannah M. Griffith, Everson, $S-
Oregon: Increase— George S. McMunn,
Salem. $10; Jacob B. Endicott. Myrtle
Point, $12. Mexican war — George Fried
erich Bir.nicker, Canyon City, $12.
Postmasters appointed; California— W.
C. Lindsay, Windsor, Sonoma County,
vice J. ii. Yeager, resigned. Washington
— iiargaret Shatter. Nasel, Pacific Coun
ty, vice H. L. Shaffer, resigned;
Those pensions were granted to-day:
California: Original— Frank D. Simpson,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6; Edward
i_>. Lunt, San Francisco, $6; Antonio
Cartes, Fort Bragg, $6. Increase — Joseph
Petit. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $S;
Henry E. Bond, Santa Barbara, $22;
James Powell, Eureka, $S; John H.
Meyer. Los Angeles, $3. • Widows — Ade
iaide Fee Smith, San Francisco, $8; Mary
E. Gee, Los Angeles, $8.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— Postmasters
commissioned: California — Ruluff D.
btone, Greenview; George Schonewald,
Del Monte. Washington — Lysie G. Terry,
ICewcastle.
Service and More New Pen
sions Granted, j
Several Changes Made in the Postal
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Ray Sutton Garlick, a well-dressed
young man who lately, arrived here from
Tacoma, tried to pass' himself on% as the
nephew of William'' Alvord, the banker
and .ex-Police Commissioner,' yesterday
and is now repenting his folly in a cold
cell in the City Prison. On the prison
blotter, appeared' his name, with a charge
of : forgery written opposite it. : t Garlick,
who .says his father is president of the
Puget Sound Savings Bank, at Tacoma,'
claims that a depleted purse impelled him
to commit the crime, but the police think
that Be has a penchant for doing such
things and has been in trouble before.
Since his arrival here Garlick has been
stopping at the Palace Hotel. Yesterday
afternoon' he telephoned to the W. K.
Vanderslice Company's jewelry store on
Sutter street /and ¦ after announcing: that
he was the nephew of Mr. Alvord said
that the banker had given him a check
with which he . was to purchase some
jewelry for him./ :
He was told that Mr. : Alvord' s check
would be honored and that the jewelry
company would be glad to make the ac
quaintance of his nephew. ;
While the young man wfcs on his. way
to the store one of the members of the
company telephoned to Mr. Alvord and
asked him if he had given his nephew a
check with which to purchase jewelry for
him. -
"My nephew!" exclaimed- the banker
over the phone;* "I haven't any nephew,
and did not give anybody a check with
which to buy jewelry for me." \ ¦ *.
¦ Satisfied that the fellow who had tele
phoned to him was a fraud, the manager
of the jewelry store summoned Police Of
ficer Chapin and had him remain in a
convenient place until- the forger showed
up. A few minutes later Garlick, dressed
in the latest fashion and his face
wreathed in smiles, appeared and after
introducing himself as "Mr. Ray Sutton
of New Orleans, .nephew of Mr. Alvord,
banker and capitalist," asked to be shown
"fc. watch and a diamond ring.
Thanks Jeweler for Kindness.
After- selecting the timepiece and a ring
with two small diamonds, the stranger
gave the clerk a check for $100. drawn on
the California bank and purporting to
have been signed by William Alvord,
president of the institution. In order to
get a good case against him, the cashier,
after pretending that the check was gen
uine, gave Garlick $20, which with the
price of the jewelry made up the amount"
of the check: -
With many promises of returning and
buying more jewelry the youthful forger
started to leave the store and was placed
under arrest by the policeman.
He was then taken to the City Prison
and charged with forgery. In his pockets
were found six 'other checks bearing the
name of the banker and ranging in
amounts from $25 -to $100. . <¦
To Detectives Harper and Armstrong
Garlick said that he was penniless, and
as he was a stranger in the city he con
ceived the scheme «f forging tl\e name
of Mr. Alvord to the checks which were
found in his possession, expecting that he
would have little trouble in passing them.
In his room in the Palace Hotel the de
tectives found a diary showing that he
bad been in Oregon and Washington and
that ; he arrived in this city last Sunday.
They, also . discovered, a receipt, for $11
made out in the name of R. S. ¦ Garlick
from the Dauntless Lodge, •' Independent
Order of Good Templars of Seattle.
Garlick Travels the Pace.
On a sheet of paper found in Garlick's
room was '-written the names of the fol
lowing jewelrjr -firms, which he evidently
intended to swindle: .
William Glindemann, f A. Hlrschman,
Shreve & Co. and the Chin-Bereita Com
pany of 991 Market street.
Other checks found in Garlick's room
were made payable to Ray Sutton • and
purported to have been signed by Banker
Alvord. .•-••" ,
It was learned late last night Ahat Gar
lick came here a few days ago from his
home in Tacoma, ! intending to go direct
from here to Chicago, where his father
had arranged for him to take a course at
the University of Chicago. Here he met a
former companion, Olango G. Moffit, of
2605 Howard street. Moffit's father is a
retired; shipping man and at one time the
family lived on the sound. Young Moffit
said last night that he did not know that
Garlick's funds were low, but he knew
that the' youth had 'spent considerable
money. "When Garlick left his home he
was plentifully supplied with funds, but
a^fast pace and riotous living soon con
sumed his bankroll.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 6.— Gunderson's
store and the postoffice . at Lakevlew,
twelve miles from Tacoma, were robbed
last night. The safe was broken open,
but the burglars did not succeed ; in get
ting into it. The amount of booty secured
is thought to be light.
SPOKANE, Wash., j Feb. 6.— Burglar3
broke into the postoffice at Meiers Falls
last night, took dll.the money and stamps
in sight and cut open many of the letters.
The S. F. and N. depot was also visited,
the safe blown open by dynamite and
several express packages taken from it.
The full value of the stolen goods is not
known. ' ' ' • .
Robbers Busy in Postof flees.
SEATTLE, Feb. 6.— The steamer Jeanie
anived from Illiamna to-day with thirty
six passengers. Tuesday night, in John
son Strait, north of Seymour Narrows,
the Jeanie saw a steam vessel, all lighted
up and at anchor. She was presumably
a British craft north bound.
No news was received ' of the British
survey steamer Egeria, which is also en
gaged in the search for the missing Con
dor, nor was she reported at any port of
call along- the coast. It is thought that
she is standing out to sea and scouring
the waters off the entrance to the straits.,
The lifeboat of the Condor which was
found by the Ahousset Indians on Janu
ary 6, with the gripes still on it and
everything pointing to the fact that it
had been swept from the davits, is 'on
board the American cutter Grant, ac
cording to advices received from Ahous*
set by the Queen City. The Grant called
at the west port shortly after the Queen
City resorted the find on her last trip
and secured the boat from the Indians-.
The Grant then left for the northwest
coast, making calls at a number of^ ports.
She is expected to arrive at any tffne on
her way back from her cruise. \
It was about thirty or forty feet long
and was either scraped bright or painted
a light yellow. It was easily seen from
the Queen City, and that vessel's officers
say that there were no heel ropes at
tached, they having evidently been car
ried avray. In color, size and generally
the description might fit the gear pf a
¦warship. Whether the Condor carried
such studding-sail booms i could not be
learned to-night.
When steaming down to Victoria from
Alberni the Queen City passed a studding
sail boom floating about four miles out at
sea and about six miles or thereabouts to
the south of Cape Beale, where the light
house marks the entrance to Barkley
Sound. As there are very few sailing
craft, or other vessels, for that matter,
other than the warships which carry stud
ding-sail booms among their gear the
trend of opinion is that the floating stud
ding-sail boom which was belns: tossed
shoreward in the heavy seas of this after
noon came from the long-missing Condor.
• VICTORIA. B. C, Feb. 6.— Still the sea
gives up mute evidences of disaster to
the missing warship Condor, which sailed
from EsQuimalt on December t in .the
face of that dread December gale with
140 souls on board. A lifeboat was first
found on Ahousset, then another boat
was sighted at the entrance to the straits,
yesterday the lid of a provision box with
the rim' of a sailor's cap drifted on a
beach near Victoria, and to-night the
steamer Queen City returned from the
west coast of Vancouver Island with news
of further wreckage, believed to be from
the missing Condor, although it was im
possible to identify it.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The ledge is eighteen to twenty-three
feet wide with a rich pay streak. Its
whole width comprises a low grade propo
sition of large proportion. Superintendent
Shoenbar will leave this week for San
Francisco to purchase dynamos and hoist
ing machinery. - ¦
The Alaska Perseverance 'gold mines at
the head of Silver Bowl Basin, near Ju
neau, are being developed into a big prop
osition. The main tunnel is being driven
by three shifts and is now in fifty-seven
feet, cross-cutting two ledges which are
forty and a hundred feet wide. The tunnel
location is 3000 feet long. When finished it
will be open for 2400 feet of stopine
ground. . A stamp mill has been ordered
and the spring will witness the installa
tion of a power plant and six drill com
pressors. - , . ¦ . -
| TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 6.— Advices from
Ketchikan say that, excitement prevails
there over, the striking of a rich gold and
copper ledge within the town limits. The
ledge; is owned by the Laskawonda Gold
aridj Copper Mining .Company. A shaft
has'been sunk twenty, feet with good re
sults < and will be . immediately extended
200 feet. The shaft follows the ore body,
which shows a marked improvement with
depth.
Special Dispatch to The Cai:
Representative Kahn of the San Fran
cisco district, including "Chinatown," and
one of the authors ot the pending bill,
summed up the arguments in its favor and
also presented some interesting data con
cerning the Chinese in this country. In
this connection he spoke of the extent of
the immorality among the Chinese women
brought in prior to the exclusion laws.
The attorneys for the Chinese advocate the
re-enactment o: the Geary law for two years
because, in case of a decision from the Su
preme Court favorable to them, the law will be
valueless for the purpose for < which
ii was designed by Congress, viz. : Th<=
exclusion or the Chinese coolie la
borers. We are dealing with people who
are trained to the evasion of the law and for
twenty years the Government has been en
deavoring to circumvont tht-ir evasions.
WASHINGTON. Feb. fi.-James D.
Phelan, recently Mayor of San Francisco
and one of the California Commissioners
appointed by the Governor to represent
the State before committees of Congress
here, was a witness before the House
Committee on Foreign Affairs to-day. Re
ferring to a statement by Minister Wu
that "labor agitators were behind the
Chinese exclusion movement," Phelan de
tailed the overwhelming sentiment on the
Pacific Coast in favor of exclusion as
shown by referendum votes, a unanimous
press, unanimous delegation in Congress
and a unanimous exclusion convention.
On the otner side, he said, were the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company, the Cana
dian railways, the Chinese diplomatic rep
resentatives, several retained attorneys
and returned missionaries, who urged no
public reason for the admission of Chi
nese, and who had finally agreed to the
renewal of the Geary law for two years,
when it is stated the treaty of 1894 will ex
pire. In conclusion, he said:
ANGRY CITIZENS
LYNCH A NEGRO
CHICAGO, Feb. 6.— Adam Worth, alias
Henry J.' Raymond, -known as the "Na
poleon of crime," is dead in Londdn. and
with the announcement of his death to
day all the details of the recovery of the
celebrated Gainsborough picture were
made • public v in Chicago. , When the
famous picture was restored to its owner
Jn Chicago last April there were many
surmises as to the medium of its return.
William A. Pinkerton, who made
formal announcement of the recovery oi
the painting, refused to confirm or deny
any of the stories. Now that Worth is
dead Pinkerton can speak. Worth gave
him written permission to reveal the
Gainsborough secret after his death.
Wrapped in oilcloth the canvas was
handed over to C. Moreland Agnew^ona
morning last April in Chicago by Worth
who twenty-five years before had cut
the painting from its frame in the Agnew
galleries in London.
The return of the painting took place
in Pinkerton' s private office. The owner
of the picture hurried back to London for
fear the United States authorities would
demand a customs duty on^ the work
which had been secreted in this country
for fifteen years. ' • ;
It was while in London that Worth con
ceived the idea of carrying off the
Gainsborough picture. His first . plan
was to rob the Royal Academy of its art
treasures. Then he changed his mind
and directed Ihis attention to the Gains
borough painting. Assisted-by his part
ner, he climbed into the Agnew galleries
one night, cut the painting from its can
vas and carried it away. ¦ - - ¦
Worth owned a steam yacht and the
canvas was taken aboard and concealed
there until he sold the vessel to Lord
Lonsdale. Then he. took the picture to
Paris and finally brought it to America,
where it was concealed for fifteen years.
In the meantime Worth was arrested in
Brussels and forced to serve seven
received a telegram telling
him that an important letter was at his
home. The letter was from Worth, who
asked for an interview. This was grant
ed and Worth said he was going to die
and wanted to "turn up" the Gains
borough picture in order that his two
children, who had been educated in a
convent, might enjoy the proceeds.
Through a hitch the picture was not re
covered at that time. Worth returned to
London, and early last spring he fulfilled
his bargain.
There were many other witnesses In the i
courtroom* for the opposition, but it was
too late to hear them, and the matter i
went over until to-morrow at 9 o'clock. '
¦when Mrs. Hannah M. Neimann and Mrs !
Elizabeth Mitchell,- who signed the pro-;
test, will be heard. .
"He don't preach the Congregational
doctrine. He preaches purgatory, and we
don't believe in those sort of things. We
are willing to support the church, but
nothing of that kind."
"What objection do, they have to htm?"
• "Because the people of the present loca
tion do, not 'like his preaching. They
won't go to listen to him— that's why the
church is not prosperous. A whole lot of
us left the church on his account."
"Why?" questioned an attorney.
Don't Want Purgatory.
George S. Naismith, secretary of the
board of 1 trustees of the church, produced
the books to show that the. meeting at
which the resolution -to change was passed
was regular. Edward Leiter and Miss
May Leiter corroborated him. . The Rev.
Mr. Brown simply gave it as his opinion
that it would be wise to. change from the
present locality. • - - -- ¦ • •
In behalf of the protestants Mrs. John
Trotter testified that If the. church was
removed it would take away the oppor
tunity for the children of the neighbor
hood to worship in the Sabbath-school
and at the young people's meetings. She
expressed the belief that the people of the
proposed new district would not go to
hear the pastor.
"Yes, I suppose they want to give me a
little of It this morning to convince me
that there is such a place.','
Dr. McLean was asked if he thought it
well to change from the present. location
because a rtajority of the .people in the
neighborhood are goor. He replied that
it was not for the poverty. that he would
advocate removal, but because a new lo
cation, where there fs a larger population,
is absolutely essential to the existence pf
the church. There are other \ churches
that the people could attend in the neigh
borhood by walking a short distance.
"Yes; some of them complained that I
did not preach enough hell or devil or
any of the other things discussed by
them, but then I couldn't help that."
"They want more hell and the devil, do
they?"
Didn't Pjeach Hell Enough.
"Well, for the eight months ending De
cember 1 last those who wanted to move
gave $510 75, while those who didn't want
to move contributed but $129 S&. The pro
portion Is maintained through the three
previous years."
"Your opponents claim that you have
not been preaching Congregational doc
trine?" '
"How do the contributions of your op
ponents compare with those of your
friends?" was asked.
"Since we proposed to remove some of
them have been active against me; be
fore that they were dissatisfied with my
theology. Some of those who are the
most bitter have only been to church
six times in the four years I've been at
the church. They quarreled with their
previous pastor. I tried every way to get
them to contribute to the church, but
they wouldn't. I understood that it was
by a unanimous vote that I was called to
the church or I wouldn't have gone."
"No, it isn't. I have been a Salvation
Army captain and worked among the
poor all my life. I love the poor."
"Isn't it a fact that your parishioners
are nearly all dissatisfied with you?"
"Isn't it a fact that you want to move
because you will get into a more aris
tocratic neighborhood?" asked Attorney
Wood on cross-examination.
The Rev. Mr. Bayley was the principal
witness for the removal. Answering the
questions of Attorney Charles E. Snook,
representing . the petitioners, he said he
had been an advocate of a change for
two years, as he felt . that the change
would.be beneficial by going into a new
district. He had canvassed the new dis
trict and. found that it would support the
church comfortably. He had done every
thing possible to influence the proposi
tion.-
Advocated the Change.
Prepared to talk on both sides of the
question, the members of the unhappy
congregation were on hand in quantities
in the courtroom when the application
was called for hearing. That the church
goers are not a unit on the subject of the
proposed change from the present site at
Thirty-fifth and Adeline streets to one
in the neighborhood of Thirty-sixth and
Grove streets any one could see with the
naked eye, for some of them sat in one
part of^the lobby and some in another
and deigned not to fraternize.
The advocates of removal were backed
with heavyweight reasons for the change
when they appeared in court, and they
had the Rev. J. K. McLean, president of
the Pacific Theological Seminary, and
the Rev. C. R. Brown of the/ First Con
gregational Church to help/ them out.
The protestants didn't get in all their
evidence at the close of the day, so Judge
Hall will give them another chance to
morrow.
The question of removal, it seems, is
not so much the cause of the disturbance
among the members of the Fourth Con
gregational Church as it is the question
of the theology, of their pastor, the Rev.
Alfred C. Bayley. In Judge Hall's court
to-day, where the petition for removal of
the church and the counter petition were
advocated by "pros a'nd cons" of the con
gregation, the pastor told how some of
his nock were dissatisfied with him be
cause he did not preach enough hell for
them. His opponents then came back at
him to tell that the trouble was all due
to the pastor's advocacy of the doctrine
that there is a purgatory for all the sin
ners of this earth. Some of the unbe
lievers in his creed, the pastor replies,
have been trying to' get him out and
making it a good deal warmer for him
than tne place they want him to preach
about.
* Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Feb. 6.
Philo D. Jewett graduated from Racino
College. Wis., In 1S58, and in 1859, together
with his brother Solomon (now^ wealthy
and influential business man of Bakers
field), came to California across the plains
and in 1S60 settled in Kern County, where
he became an extensive sheep raiser. He
erected the first store in Bakersfleld and
was one of the incorporators of the Kern
Valley Bank in 1874.
In 1865 he planted 120 acres In cotton
and raised the first successful crop of
cotton raised in Kern County. In 1S8.>
Mr. Jewett removed with his family to
this city, where he and his brother-in
law, John Fsfrnham, ouilt the Crystal
Battfe, which, at the time they were built,
were the largest and most complete sa»t
water baths in the world.
In recent years he" has retired from ac
tive business, only devoting such atten
tion as was necessary to overlook his ex
tensive landed interests at and near Bak
ersfleld. He was a member of the Cali
fornia Chapter of Royal Arch Masons of
San Francisco and of the California Com
mandery No. 1 of Knights Templar and
of Islam Temple of the Nobles of the
Mystic Shrine. '
i His widow and the followingr named
children survive him: Mrs. E. w. Bun,
Lathrop "W.. Helen K., Hugh S. and
Phelps Jewett. - ,
The funeral services will be held under
the auspices of the Knights Templar at
the Masonic Temple Sunday afternoon.
- Philo D. Jewett, -who has been a promi
nent figure In the development of Kern
County, died at his home at 2448 Union
street in this city last evening after a
lingering illness. Mr. Jewett was born lu
Weybridge, Vt., July 31. 1837, his father
having been a prominent politician and
a noted agriculturist, who was a commis
sioner to the World's- Fair in London in
1851, and who later moved to California
and acquired large properties in Bakers
field, which city was nameu by. him.
Steamer Queen City Passes
Fragments Near Cape
Beale.
Returns It a Quarter of a Cen
tury Later and Gets
Reward. :
Mines at Silver Bowl Basin
Give Promise ot Big
Returns.
Affixes Name of William Al
s ; ; vord to Checks and
' Passes One.
Rev. Alfred O. Bayley Fails to
* Preach Enough Hades
for His Flock.
Was for Many Years Iden
tified With Large
Interesta
Representative Kahn Also
Tells of Evils Due to Ad
mission of Chinese.
Former Mayor Phelari
so Declares to th.3
Committee.
Boom, Probably of the
Warship Condor, .
) Seen at Sea.
He Stole the Celebrated
Gainsborough Picture ,
. Years Ago. '
Ray Garlick of Tacoma
Taken From Palace
i Hotel to Prison. \
Valuable Ledge Is Dis
i covered in Northern
Camp.
Brings About a Ruction
in Congregational
Churcb.
Raised First Successful
Crop of Cotton in
Kern County.
BANKER'S SON
TURNS FORGER
COAST IS SOLID
FOR EXCLUSION
WRECKAGE TELLS
OF DISASTER
NOTED CRIMINAL
DIES IN LONDON
GOLD STREAKS
A TOWNSITE
PASTOR'S CREED
SUITS THEM NOT
DEATH CLAIMS
PHILO D . JEWETT
THE SAN FRANCISCO FRIDAY, FEBRUARY :,7iJ^2.
KANSAS CITY. ' Mo., Feb. g 6.— Tommy
Ryan to-day s announced ; that he -- had
signed articles to fight Charley Goff of
Portland, Or., at Rossland, B. C, fora
purse of $2000 early in . March. Ryan will
box Jack ¦ Beauscholte of , Chicago six
rounds* In Chicago, February 14.
Byan to Fight GoflE.
OAKLAND, Feb. 6.— Licenses . to marry
were Issued , to-day to Peter J. Mullen; 27
years old, ; and Catherine . F. " Tieme^| ¦*: 26,
both of Oakland; ,EnO3 Costa, 39,'- and
Francisca . R.; Nunes, : 38,: both of : Hay
wards ; Clarence • V. ' Jtowen, 21, and l Cora
Boronda, 18, both, of San^, Francisco;
Thomas 8 F. i Gregory,.- over. 21. Berkeley,
and Margaret Do.ngery; over 18, Berkeley;
Chester E. Priest, 21, Oakland, and Alta
Garo, 22, Fresno, .- / ¦ . .
Licensed to Marry.
" IMMIGRANTS FOR JANUART. — Richard
EcclestOfi. statistician for the United States
Immigration Bureau at this port, has filed the
following report ; of ¦ arrivals of immigrants
during January: Total arrivals. 415. of whom
11G are tourists and 37 females. The nation
alities of the 299 immigrants who are to re
main in this country are as follows 1 : English
67; Japanese. 89; .Mexican, , 21 ; Scandinavian"
10;;lrish, 15; Australian, 11; German, 10. The'
occupations are: Two actors. . 4 a clergymen 7
engineers. -9 clerks; 8 carpenters.' 62 mariners.
10 miners. 8 tailors. 10 farmers. 13 farm la
borers," 15 common -laborers. 25 merchants 5
house servants, 18 miscellaneous, 1 ; 72 no occu
pation, including women and children. ¦ •
4
ADVERTISEMENTS^
For the Children
To Keep Their Digestion Perfect Nothing
Is So Safe and Pleasant as Stuart's
f Dyspepsia Tablets .-
Thousands ot men and women have found
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets the safest and
most reliable preparation for any form of "In-
digestion or stomach trouble.
- - Thousands ot people who are .not sick, bat
are well and wish to Jkeep -well take Stuart's
Tablets after every meal to insuro perfect di-
gestion and avoid trouble.
But It is not generally known that the Tab-
lets are just as good and -wholesome for little
folks as for their elders.
Little children who are pale, thin and hav*
no appetite, or do not grow or thrive, should
use the tablets after eating and will derive
great benefit from them. z
Mrs. G. H. Crotsley. 53R. "Washington streets
Hoboken.. New Jersey, writes: "Stuart's Dy«?
pepsla Tablets Just nil the bill for children as
well as for older folks. I've had the best of
luck- with them. My three-year-old girl takes
them as readily as candy. I have only to say
"tablets* .and she-, drops every thine else and
runs for them."
1 ¦ A Buffalo mother, a short . time ago, who
ot the life of her babe, was so de-
lighted with the results from giving the chili
these tablets that she went before tha notary
public of Erie County. N. Y., and made tha
following affidavit: '
Gentlemen: Stuart"« Dyspepsia Tablets were
recommended to me for my two months' o'.'.l
baby, which was sick and puny, and ths
doctors said was suffering from indigestion. I
took the child to the hospital, but there fouad
no relief. A friend mentioned the Stuart Tab-
lets and I procured a box from my druggist
and used only the large sweet lozenges in the
box and was delighted to find they were Just
the thing tor my baby. I feel Justified in say-
Ing that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets saved my
child's life. MRS. W. T. DETH1.OPE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th
day of April. 1837. HENRY KARIS. ;
Notary Puhjlc In and for Erie Co.. N. T.
• For babies, no matter how young or deli-
cate, the tablets will accomplish wonders In
Increasing flesh, appetite and growth. Us©
only, the large, sweet tablets In every box. Full-
slzed boxes are sold by all druggists for 50c.
and no parent . should neglect the use of thU
Bate remedy for all stomach and bowel trou-
bles If the child is. ailing in any way regardlns
its food or assimilation. ;
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets h*v been
known for years a3 the best preparation for all
stomach troubles whether in adulta or infant.
jBSMBWHB»TBWntMMWtfri)iiBtla«iini v. ' -«
ADVERTISEMENTS.
principles have
been right for 35
years. ;
Our book, "Melltfs Food Babies,"
scr.tfrce if you aill zvriie us.
Ucllia'i Food Co., Boston. Mess.
«.u*3 signature ie on every bcz of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets
tfc j remedy Ui&t coxes a ecld In oao day.STUDENTS AIND FACULTY
SETTLE THEIR TEOUBLE
Governor Taft also said that he differed
from General Bell on the point of the gen.
era! desire of the inhabitants to maintain
hostilities in Batangas; he did not believe
the common people felt so inclined.
Taking up the question of the "tariff.
Governor Taft explained the present sys
tem of taxation in the Philippines, saying
that under the decision of the Supreme
Court no duties are now being collected
on articles going into the islands from the
United States. The plan of the commis
sion had been to have no Internal .system
of taxation for the support of the general
government of these islands. Under the
Spanish eystem there was a general poll
tax, which netted about $7,000,000, while
the receipts from the customs were only
about $5,000,000. Even children were taxed
under that -system. Under Spain theie
also was a tax upon business enterprises,
end that sy6tem had been continued to
an extent by the commission. The ¦com
mission also had decided to maintain the
poll tax to the extent of $1 per head on
adult males, but to apply It only to pay
ing the governmental expenses of the
towns and the provinces. The people of
the islands had generally urged the impo
sition of the poll tax as necessary to get
some of their numbers to work. Under
the Spanish regime the plan had been
used to enforce a sort of slavery.
That originally the people of the Philippine
Islanfia were much aroused I do not dowbt,
but the opposition does not continue In its,
teneral aspect. Since the second election of
President McKlnley the great Tnajbrlty of the
xwople.of the Philippines have been favorable
to iseace and to the acceptance of the sov
ereignty of the United States, and it would be
impossible to continue the present eystem of
guerrilla warfare without the 6ystem of ter
rorism which now prevails. That la my con
clusion and In to far as the statement differs
from General MacArthur' ¦ report to that ex
tent I dlfter from him.
Carmack quoted from the report of Gen
eral MacArthur of 1900 to ,tha effect that
there is substantial unity among the Fili
pino ' people in their opposition to the
United States. Replying, Governor Taft
said j the commission had not originally
accepted the general's conclusion, and
that the commission's tour of'the archi
pelago had convinced them that they
were correct In their conclusion. Continu
ing he said:
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6.— Governor Taft
appeared before the Senate Committee on
the Philippines with the intention of tak
ing up the Philippine tariff bill and of de~
voting his attention to the revenue and
tariff conditions of the Philippine Islands,
but before beginning with the subject he
replied to a number of questions by Sen
ator Carmack bearing upon subjects here
tofore covered by the Governor in his tes
timony before the committee.
Thinks the Majority Favors
the Cessation of All
Hostilities.
Governor Tafb Expresses
His Views on Affairs
in the Islands.
SAYS FILIPINOS
DESIRE PEACE
Steamer Bei urns With Blazing Cargo
PORTLAND, Peb. 6.— The steamship In
dravelli of. ' the Portland and Asiatic
Steamship ' Company, which sailed last
night { for the Orient, returned to port
this morning with her cargo on fire. She
carries a cargo of 7500 tons of cotton, flour
and sheeting, valued at more than $400,000.
It is thought the firo can be extinguished
without serious less. The Indravelll was
In the Columbia River about fifty miles
below here when the fire was discovered.
At present the Count refuses to converse
with any one, and his actions indicate
that he Is feigning insanity. He will be
arraigned on the charges of bigamy and
adultery. as soon as he is able to appear
ln»court. His girl-wife refuses to leave
him, and although not permitted to see
him she insists on occupying apartments
at the Jail. tFrank Luckhardt, her broth
er, who offered a large reward for the ar
rest of the Count, conversed with her for
the first time to-day.
EL PASO, Tex.-.T Feb. ,8.— Count de Lu
cenay, the California* bigamist, -who de
serted his wife and eloped -from Los An
geles with 17-year-old" Ruby Luckhardt,
seems determined ". to dfe. \ He attempted
suicide on three separate occasions to-day,
once in a crowded courtroom, once by
swallowing broken glass and once by try
ing to drown himself in' a bathtub. Each
time his effort to take his own life was
frustrated Just in the nick of time. The
Count was given a preliminary hearing
this morning on ,the charge of- false
swearing in making affidavit that the run
away girl was above 18, the age of con
sent in Texas. After a sensational trial
the court ¦ bound him over to the Grand
Jury- In the sum of J10OO, and In default of
bail he was ordered = back to jaiL Just
previous to the . rendering of | the decree
the Count was seen to take a pellet from
his pocket and swallow it. His bride of
a month was by his side, having rejoined
him for" the first time since his imprison
ment. Ten minutes after taking the drug
the Count reeled and fell to the floor In
convulsions. There was Intense •excite
ment as he was dragged out Into the open
air, and physicians were summoned. They
said he was suffering from the effects of
strychnine poisoning, and administered
the usual antidotes. An hour, later the
Count was sent back* to jail partially re
stored. He was placed in a ceil and left
to -recover. As soon as his guard had
gone he attempted to drown himself in a
bathtub, but was discovered before life
was extinct. A bottle of medicine was
left beside his bed. He bro^e the bottle
Into fragments and was endeavoring to
swallow .them when the jailer interfered
and prevented him.
Count De Lucenay Held
for Bigamy Tries to ¦
Kill Himself. ,
PREFERS DEATH
TO PENITENTIARY
PARIS. Feb. 6.— The United States Em
bassy here was officially notified to-day
that France has accepted the invitation
to participate in the St. Louis Exposition.
which Is to be held In 1903.
France "Will Participate.
BUFFALO, Feb. 6.— Philip Gerst. for
mer City Treasurer, was arrested to-day
charged with misappropriating $27,000 of
the city's funds. Gerst. was removed;
from office in December last by Mayor
Diehl. Since that time an investigation
of the City . Treasurer's office has been
made under the new city admlruatratioa
of Mayor McKnight; |
Former City Treasurer Arrested.
CHICAGO.. Feb.' 6.— At a meeting her*
to-day of the general passenger agents
of the "Western lines it was recommended
that the same fares and arrangement*
for Colorado and Utah that prevailed last
summer be used. during the coming sea
son. That will mean a round trip' rat*
of $25 from Chicago during the first ten
days In July. August and September, and,
$31 50 for the rest of each month.
Railroads Fix Summer Sates.
¦WASHINGTON; Feb. 6.— The Senato
Committee on Commerce to-day. heard the
interests affected by the Nelson bill rela
tive to London dock charges. The whole
matter was elaborately discussed In a re
port made by Embassador Choate, which,
report frequently was referred to In tho
discussion.. John Crosby of Minneapolis
appeared for the flour shippers and J. J.
McKelvey for the lumbermen. These two
Interests are those most affected by the
London dock charges. They want the
charges for dockage Included In tha
freights charged by tho steamship compa
nies, and not carried as a separate ex
pense. The representatives of the ship
pers claim that under the present system
they are subject to discrimination. J. J.
Hemphlll, .who represented the steamship,
companies, argued that the dock charges
ought not to be Included in the freight;
that the steamship companies could not
tell what the charges would be In the fu
ture, and that various circumstances
might cause an increase of charges. Larga
freight ships plying between the United,
States and London were at a disadvan
tage .with, the smaller ships, which did tho
carrying business from South Atlantic
countries, because the small vessel could
go farther up the Thames. It was stated
during the hearing that London and
Antwerp were the only great ports in the
world where dock charges were not fixed
by statute and specific, so that shippers
and ship companies know what the costa
will be.
Shippers Complain That
They Are Subject to
Discrimination.
LONDON DOCKAGE
RATES TOO HIGH
OTTUMWA,-. Iowa, • Feb. 6. — Hon. . T. J. Phil
lips, .'.late ; Democratic . nominee ' for Governor,"
entered a -plea of guilty, to the charge of kick
ing . Editor, Moore 'because * of an • article I pub
lished in- the .Ottumwa- Herald, . reflecting, on
him. -V He i' was fined $25. V s .- v ' . ' • . -¦ •
At a meeting of the stockholders of the
Monarch Oil Company held at;thelr of
fice, 1 ;- 629 ;¦ Parrott \ building, yesterday, ; the
old board of. directors. was elected for, the
ensuing year. The report i of .the execu
tive officers i showed , the company to be
in a". very healthy condition. 4 The finan
cial statement of the company, shows them
to be entirely out of debt and/wlth-money
in the ' treasury. ,- As soon*as -connection
Is made with the terminus of the railroad
and shipping facilities established they un
doubtedly i will ; be , in i position ,- to pay. good
dividends, 1 . as they^have a very large pro
duction i awaiting •, shipment. ' • • . v ,- ;¦-, ,.-- .: •; •
SAN, FRANCISCO, .February 5, 1902.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 6.^Albert Barney was
held, to answer before the Superior Court
for arson 'by 'Justice 'Rosenthal to-day.'
Barney is charged with. having blown -up
with dynamite a - storehouse in Mountain
View in 'July,' 1900. He was - arrested
shortly after the crime and made a con
fession, but when brought s before the
court' for trial was adjudged weak-minded
and ordered committed to 'the home at
Glen Ellen. As nd accommodation. at the
place could be found, he was kept in jail
here until the Grand ; Jury took up < the
case. A new complaint was then filed.'!
Barney Must Answer for Arson,
* SAN JOSE, Feb. 6.— The news "of the
commitment V,. of > Father M._ Jacquet, , a*
former well-known priest of this city, to
an Oregon insane asylum from Nome has
caused much sadness arid . sympathy
among the Catholic residents of this city. 1 .
Father Jacquet was connected with St.
Joseph's- Church here for three years, and
left to enter ; upon missionary work* in
Alaska. ? v -.¦¦'¦' ¦ ¦' '¦' :V ,'¦ ¦•: -• 'v
The Catholic church and parish recently
erected at Nome through the efforts of
Father Jacquet was built from a fund of
which a ! one-cent \ piece carried from this
city .was -the starter. . Shortly. ;bef ore ¦ his
departure for • the north . Father Jacquet
'auenueu a Catholic fair. 'given- in^Turn
¦Verein Hall. . One- evening -'a* Jittle girl
found a one-cen t * piece on . the floor, ' and
gave j it - to the father with the wish that
he could do some good' with' it. \Father
Jacquet;. said he would take 'the ; coin ;tb
Nome and perhaps it could* be .made the
nucleus of a large fund. "With this penny
the priest started a f building fund for-'a
church and tJarish. house.". '} Contributions
were made freely, . and In a few months
buildings, that \. cost over ; $12,00u were
erected. .-'.' ' *
Who Labored in Nome Greatly
• '•'¦' Deplored. '• % "..;.
Affliction of the Well-Known 1 Priest
CATHOLICS GRIEVE _ Vv
FOB. FATHER JAOQUET
SAN DIEGO, Feb. , 6.— The j steamer
Thyra, twenty-nine days out from Hako
date, arrived here this morning with 2400
tons of Oriental freight, being one day
overdue. Captain Hal verson, who was
mate'on her last trip from this country,
says she experienced mean weather all
the way over.' She expects to. leave here
Monday for San Francisco and Portland.
This is the last voyage for the Thyrafor
the C. and O. Company.; She is reported
to have been chartered by the Portland
and Asiatic Steamship Company to re
place the Knight Companion, which went
ashore near Idsuma, Japan, on Feb
ruary 4. . * ¦', ;. , . .
Takes Knight Companion's Piace.
ICETV YORK, Keb. 6. — The steamer Cavour
from Rio de Janeiro for New York, which
went ashore at Long Beach, L L, January 31
in a Enowstorm, was floated early to-day and
proceeded to this port.
British. Steamer Is Badly DamaerecL
KOBE, Japan. Feb. 6^— The British
steamer Glengarry of the Tacoma-London
line. Captain Stevenson, which left Ta
coma January 13 for Japanese and Chi
nese ports and London, has arrived here
much damaged about her decks. Neces
sary repairs to enable her to proceed re
quiring about ten days, will be made.'
The - Pacific Northwest "Wool Growers* As
sociation la of the opinion that as a, public
official the activity of S. N. D. North, In
antagonizing the desires of the wool growers
and stockmen of the country, is taking ad
vantage' of his official position and that his
personal ' opposition Is In bad taste, .to say the
least, considering the fact that he Is to a
certain extent the servant of the people whose
manifest desire be le now seeking- to circum
vent.
Th« association also unanimously,
passed "resolutions . indorsing the
Grosvenor pure • wool bilr, now pending
before Congress. .- .
The association Indorsed the bill -pro
viding a classified census of livestock
every five years, asked Congress to au
thorize Federal ..inspectors to inspect
sheep at anj? point and to provide. severe
penalties for the violation of inspection
laws. . . : . ¦ . ' ' MTJ
W. - E. Skinner, manager of the Inter
national'Livestock Exposition at Chi
cago, was indorsed for the position of
manager of the livestock show at tho'SL
Louis Exposition, and F. M. Malone of
Miles City, Mont., for superintendent of
the .same department. ; .- • .
At the afternoon session Dr. M. - MS.
¦Knowles,- State veterinarian,' read a pa
per on livestock sanitary laws.
After selecting Salt Lake as the next
place of meeting officers were elected as
follows: " . ' w ¦¦' , * .
President, Jesse M. Smith of Salt • Lake;
secretary-treasurer. . J. W. Bailey of Portland,
Or.; vice .presidents, Richard Scott. Oregon;
A. F. La grow, Washington; Frank Hagenbarth,
Idaho; W. ,K." Flowerre, Montana; :G. S.
Hlckox, Utah; Patrick Sullivan, -Wyoming;
executive committee-^J. N. .Williamson, Ore
gon; S. J. Cameron. Washington; Frank Good
ingr, Idaho; O. P. Hatch, Utah; Timothy.Kin
ney, Wyoming. and'H. H. Nelson, Montana. "
The committee on resolutions made an
other report at the - afternoon session.*
One resolution called for v moVe equitable
charges at the stockyards; another calls
upon the Agricultural Department to fur
nish the wool-growers with Federal
graders, whose duty it shall bo to clas
sify wools before shipping and give them
standard grades. The Interior and War
departments are asked to issue mutton
rations as well as beef to Indians and
soldiers, and the Northwestern . " Experi
ment Stations are asked to conduct •.ex
periments to prove which breed of sheep
Is best for mutton, which for .wool and
what cross makes the best general 'pur
pose sheep. '*..,. ••,
The members of the association ! con
tributed $500, the major part to be sent
to the national association to assist In the
fight at Washington for he Grosvenor
shoddy bill. .. ~ • -, -
. The association adjourned sine die this
afternoon. ' • . ,'
HELENA, Mont., Feb. 6.— The Pacific
Northwest Wool-growers' Association to
day in a resolution addressed to Presi
dent Roosevelt and Congress attacked S.
N. D. North, statistician of tho depart
ment of manufactures under the Census
Bureau. ''North; as secretary of. the Na
tional-Association of Wool Manufactur
ers, is "leading the fight at Washington
against the tariff on wool. The I resolu
tions recite that:
The long standing Kamalo Sugar/Com
pany case, which , had ! been' remanded
from the Supreme Court for a further
hearing in the Circuit Court, carrre up
before Judge- Humphreys last Monday.
After I two days of testimony . the ' court
rendered : a decision affirming the ' decree
entered last April, by which the three de
fendants—Frank Foster, Frank Hustace
and J. J. Egan, promoters of the com
pany—are adjudged guilty of defrauding
the stockholders and are ordered to pay
over to the company at once $35,000 in
cash and 6000 shares of paid up stock, or
$120 000 ' in cash, with Interest since the
tiling of the suit, in April, 1900. The de
fendants were alleged to have taken the
$155 000 as promoters' fees, "x'he case will
be appealed to the Supreme Court again.
'Thomas Krouse, a well known resident
of Honolulu and. proprietor of the Arling
ton Hotel, committed suicide on the 23d
inst: by shooting himself twice • in the
breast. His wife and daughter are In San
Francisco,, and it is supposed to have
been on account of despondency because
the former had deserted him that he
filled himself.. . •
United States Judge '. Kstee "has set
aside the verdict In the case of the
United States against the Honolulu Plan
tation Company, in which • the Jury
brought in a verdict awarding the com
pany $105,000 for its leasehold interest' in
lands wanted for the naval station .'at
Pearl Harbor. The Judge held, in decid
ing the motion for a new trial, that the
verdict was excessive. He announced
that he would enter a Judgment for $73,
000, if the defendants chose to deduct $30,
000 from the verdict as rendered. The de
fendants have rejected this proposition,
and the case has been set for a new trial
in March. - t ' ':. 0\-'^.
•HONOLULU, Jan. 81.— Reports have
reached here of an alleged cure of lep
rosy in Tahiti by the use of the Venezue
lan plant known as tua-tua, some of
which was sent here some time ago by
the United .States ."Government: .The re
sults here were not satisfactory,' and : lit
tle confidence is placed in the i reports.
Experiments were made many months
ago. Dr. C. E. Camp, one of the physi
cians who has been experimenting, with
the' cure, however, is inclined to think
that there may be something in the ac
count of ' a cure. He states that he ha 3
attained results indicating a cure in us
ing the medicine on a Portuguese boy.
It Is said to be impossible to try It well
with native Hawaiians, as. they will not
stick to the cure. It Is very violent In
its effects and causes a good deal of pain,
and Dr. Camp says that the average Ha
waiian refuses to keep up the treatment
after, trying It.
Complain of Statistician
of the Department of
Manufactures.
Results Secured by Them
at Honolulu Are Not
• , Satisfactory.*
WOOL GROWERS
ENTER PROTEST
PHYSICIANS TRY
A LEPROSY CURE
- At 6 o clock the Senate went into ex
ecutive . session • and at 8 . o'clock-ad
journed* .
."I want to say to the Senator, and to
say," retorted Foraker, with great vehe
mence, "that our army will never come
back from the Philippines until it comes
back , victorious. That may. as well be
understood now as at any future time "
Hoar concluded the debate of the after
noon and in the course of his remarks
paid a brilliant tribute to Thomas-Cor
win, who. In the face of a hostile Senate
had uttered the sentiment which he had
quoted earlier in the flay. -He: declared
that Corwin's name and memory had be
come one of the treasures of the republic
and that he had been placed among the
immortals of this Government. The great
questions now before the country he said
could be discussed temperately and calm
ly. It was a- great question whether this
powerful republic should crush the life
out of a republic modeled after our own
Government; it was a srreat question how
the slaughter of both Filipinos and Amer
icans was to be stopped. | • > ~
_"Men as food as I am/, men wiser than
I am, said .he, j'differ from me upon
these Questions. I do not believe the dis
tinguished Senator, from Ohio wants to
do injustice to any one. Some men how
ever show their love of the flag by pro
tecting it against ' violence, and v H o£?e
show their love of the flag by keeDlnsr it
pure and a symbol of justice. The one is
an honorable thine and the other is an
honorable thing. . Those • who are resist
ing^the "resent policy of our Government
in the Philippines are quite as loyal as
those who are supporting it "
The difference of opinion which hns
arisen- among the people, he said in con
clusion, was the "legitimate result of this
miserable Philippine business." ; . ,\. .--<"
Our Army Must B« Victorious.
•"In view. of this statement," said he,
"'we* must continue this infamous, tyran
nical'-British South African—" Then hesi
tating a\ few seconds he continued: "I'll
stop right there, because I cannot find a
word hot enough to apply to the situa
tion." .- ¦ ¦'-
In response to a question from Patter
son Foraker said that there was . not a
single word in the sedition laws adopted
by the Philippine Commission which
would enable the authorities to touch any
man who was loyal to the United States
: Tillman said that he had seen a state
ment" from General Chaffee tha.f practi
cally, the entire Philippine population was
imbued with a hatred of Americana.
Foraker replied that the people of Ohio
did love to recall the memory of Thomas
Corwin, but they realized, he said, that
in that great emergency he had made a
profound mistake.
Hoar again interrupted Foraker, and
¦directing attention to the declaration in
the Senate chamber of Thomas Corwin
of Ohio during a debate on the Mexican
war that If he were a Mexican he would
welcome the Americans with bloody
hands to hospitable graves, inquired if
the people of Ohio did not reverence the
name and memory of, Thomas Corwin.
Tillman interrupted Foraker to de
nounce the sedition laws enacted by the
Philippine Commission as "damnable doc
trine."
"It might be in order, said Foraker
warmly, "to inquire of the Senator from
South Carolina on which side of the
struggle in the Philippines are his sym
pathies."
. "My sympathies are with the Filipinos,"
shouted Tillman, poundinsr his desk em
phatically. . • .
"Undoubtedly they are," retorted For
aker, "and such a flat-footed and unqual
ified declaration as the Senator has made
would render the, revised statutes appli
cable to him if he were not protected by
his position as Senator."
Sympathies With Filipinos.
Foraker said he never had heard the
Philippine acts read until now. He was
surprised, however, that the Senator from
Massachusetts (Hoar) should be mental
ly and morally disturbed by such provis
ions as had been heard. When Hoar had
desired to know, he added, whether it
were possible that the United States had
enacted such provisions he had sent for
the United States statutes and had had
read the acts upon treason and offenses
against the, country.
"Not only are the provisions the same,"
he declared, "as those contained- in the
Philippine acts, but the wording in both Is
practically identical. The Philippine Com
mission adopted the language of the re
vised statutes, adding such matters . as
would make the provisions applicable to
the Philippine Islands."
"I am quite ready," said Hoar, "to be
lieve what the Senator has said of so able
and humane a man as Governor Taft."
Patterson interrupted Hoar to say that
one of the members of the Philippine
Commission ought to be relieved from any
odium attaching to the • enactment jof the
Philippine sedition. laws. Governor Taft,
he said, nad informed the Philippine Com
mission that he was ill when these acts
were enacted by the commission, and that
had he been present • there probably
would have been some modification of the
acts.
Hoar then spoke briefly upon the sedi
tion laws enacted by the Philippine Com
mission, saying he was sorry that the
commission had had its act justified by
reference to the only harsh and cruel
provisions that were to be found in the
statutes of the United States. Under this
cruel provision in the Philippine Com
mission's ; laws a mother . having
knowledge of treason of her son must' in
form the authorities upon him; the son
must inform upon the mother; the brother
upon the brother; .the daughter upon the
father, and so on. He said the laws of
the United States were applied only to
citizens of this country, citizens by either
nativity or adoption. In the case of the
application in the Philippines, he said
they were being put into execution by
alien authority responsible only to an
alien Government or command. -
Hoar Criticizes Sedition Laws.
That merchandise in bonded warehouses,
otherwise In the custody and control of the
officers of the customs, upon which duties have
been paid, shall be entitled, on shipment to
the Philippine Islands within three years from
the date of the original 'arrival, to a return of
the duties .paid, less 1 per cent, and merchan
dise upon wh'lcn duties have not been paid may
be shipped without the payment of duties to
the Philippine Islands within said period un
der such rules and regulations as may be pre
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury. :
This perfected the bill so far as- the
committee was concerned.
When the reading had ! been concluded
Lodge secured the adoption of the iol
lowing amendment:
At the conclusion of the reading For
aker sent to the clerk's desk and had read
sections 5331 to 5338, inclusive, of the re
vised statutes of the United States, deal
ing with' the same offenses.
Toward the close of the session the dis
cussion became ' heated. In response to a
resolution offered several days ago by
Rawlins, of Utah, the Secretary of War
transmitted, to the Senate the sedition
laws enacted by the 'Philippine Commis
sion. They were read in full and im
mediately drew the fire of the opponents
of the Government's" Philippine policy,
Hoar, Foraker, Tillman and others par
ticipating in a sharp debate.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6.— For four hours
to-day the Senate had the Philippine tariff
bill under discussion. The measure was
completed, so far as the Philippine Com
mission is concerned, all. of the commit
tee amendments being adopted. Several
other amendments, however, will be of
fered, one or two being pending.
Hoar Talks Against Sedition Laws
and Says Differences of Opinion
Result From ."Miserable
Philippine Business." •
Carolinah Is Protected
. by His Position.
Foraker of Ohio Says South
Scott concluded by strongly urging the
adoption of his resolution, saying that he
wished to be convinced of the practicabil
ity or impracticability of a ship tunnel
and had submitted his resolution as a pure
business proposition.
(1) Its healthy location; (2) its shortness;
(3) its magnificent harbors; (4) Its total ab
sence of locks; (5) the possibility or working
gangs of men night and day in the wet and
dry seasons under good sanitary conditions;
(6) the very important consideration that by
this route and no other sailing vessels could
be towed by electric power, by night as well
as by day. thus effecting a great saving: of
time and expense; (7) the economical main
tenance of the canal when completed; (8) the
permanency of Its rockbed and the absence of
earth embankment; (9) trfc desirable fact that
It can be constructed within three or at' most
five rears.
For the following 1 reason Scott believed
the San Bias route was the only feasible
and practical sea level canal route:
Scott explained that the San Bias route
connected the two oceans from the bay of
Mandingo. in the Gulf of San Bias, on the
Atlantic side £o Pearl Island harbor, In
the Gulf of Panama, on the Pacific side
of the isthmus. Including the flve-rnile
tunnel, the canal would be thirty miles
long. He said that the harbors of the
San Bias route . had excited the enthu
siasm, of all engineers who had Investi
gated them. He believed that electrical
power made it entirely practicable by this
route to tow ships through the canal by
electric trolley. He thought It improb
able that sailing vessels would be able to
navigate any other of the proposed routes.
The route he proposed, he* said, offered
great natural and commercial advantages.
He did not believe any one would question
the desirability of a ship canal by the San
Bias if the tunnel, which -1t. involved,
could be constructed and he had no doubt
this could be done. He referred to the
Hoosac. mount Cenis, St. Gothard, Arl
berg and Simplon tunnels as daring and
successful efforts of modern engineering.
He quoted both American and European
engineering authorities to show that the
construction of the San Bias tunnel was
quite practicable.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— At the con
clusion of the routine business in the
Senate to-day Scott (Rep.) of "West
Virginia called up • and had ' read
a resolution - which he offered sev
eral days ago • providing for the
appointment of a commission of experts
to examine what is known as the San
Bias or Mandingo Bay route, for an isth
mian waterway and to report to the'Sen
ate the cost of constructing ah inter
fceanic canal by that route. •" He said that
nearly one-fourth of the sum necessary to
construct a canal by any. of the • routes
proposed already had been expended- in
an endeavor to find a suitable route* for an
isthmian canal; but confronted as .'Con
gress was by a proposed appropriation oi
marly $200,000,000 for the building - of a*i
lnteroceanic waterway, it was the duty
of prudent men to. carefully Investigate
every possible route. He disclaimed any
intention to obstruct the consideration of
a canal bill or to delay the building of the
canal itself, but he maintained that the
question of route was still doubtful. " After
thorough investigation he was convinced
that the San Bias route met practically
every requirement of the proposed water
way, but because the adoption of that
route involved the driving of a tunnel
ttrough the granite of a mountain range
sufficiently large to admit of the passage
of any ship afloat, the route had been re
garded as impracticable. Personally he
tvse convinced that such a tunnel could
be constructed at a reasonable cost.
Tillman Declares His
Sympathies Are With
the Filipinos. . '
Availability.
Asks That Experts Be Chosen
to Examine Into Its
Senator Scott^iof West
Virginia; Favors San
. Blas^Line.
ROUTE OF CANAL
STILL IN DOUBT
TREASONABLE
WORDS STIR
THE SENATE
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALIi, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1902.
LONTX3X, Keb. 6. — The Evening News prints
a dispatch from Madrid which states that the
Marquis do Jo'.pz'e famous library has been
sold to an American for $40,000.
DENVER, Feb. 6.-The trouble between
the faculty and the students of the State
School of Mines at Golden, Colo., which
has caused the suspension of work In that
Institution for more than a week, has
been settled, temporarily at least. Act
ing upon instructions from Governor Or
man, the Trustees of the school to-day
held an all-day meeting at Golden at
which members of the faculty and a com
mittee of the students were heard and this
evening the board announced that it had
decided to comply with the request of the
students that they take the whole matter
out of the hands of the faculty, make a
thorough investigation of the present and
past troubles and decide the case on its
merits. It also announced that the
students had agreed to return to their
classes to-morrow and to abide by tha, de
cision of the board. The laculty^has
agreed to postpone the examiiKlons
which were to have begun next vem. It
is believed that the matter will Ve ad
justed without further delay.
Trustees of the Colorado State Nor-
mal School of Mines Agree to
Act as Arbitrators.
5
THE EJM^BTXJM. ; -; | ':, '7 THE; EMPOBnT^ * , _ r THE EMPORIUM. | • THE EMPORIUM. .
g 35eRahfoons, 22c. 1^ BUS IS BB'S^B||!fejf%BlbBBlMfl Furniture. Gamuts. %
Jk° Ribbon, 4 inches wide, in such desirable col- isH SB ffl jfltS^ /*^\'f •'"'« 1 '^.'^^^•.SH BvwBB ThlS Parlor Tfl- '• -
J. oring3 as white, cream, pink, blue, violet, jfiffl X^ JP*' ¦ ¦ C<\llTOP(\J&k.«S LSkP^CSt'""* HyjaSI •'¦,.' j?>^\ •*
jf- cardinal, maize, turquoise, Nile and old rose; t H *^ An\CPiC2v!S Gr&JXdCSt StOfC. ¦ f i$| blc » solid &p ' *
af. the correct width and style for hair, neck and ' ¦ -¦....., ¦. ¦• . ., . ¦ .¦ . -- .. - ¦ '- •"' „ '"eo'den cak ' —^1! &
K corsage bows; good value at 3 sc T - - _ ' ' • ¦ - -.- • -~V «• ¦_ . • .- _. ¦ ' ' : " 6 ' _^-^«^5~¦7<y^— __ ; JB
£ 'per yard; special price . . .¦ .1S2SO , ! SpECfe! Safe Of TiCkCtS } , Well made. ' * ' ' "Vj
$ „„ , „ "¦¦'¦¦¦ To Juvenile fairyland Carnival, 5^24**4 Hf$i\- 5
$ Men s Hose, Mechanics' Pavilion, Feb. 8 to 15. inches'; for U U \ %
S !<• dozen men • fancy Hose; in dropstitch and '• ¦ ,. ¦ , , • . ., , Z. • ~-V -, B U W X
5 l»cc effects; in blue and black, and polka dot ' Wc have sccurcd several thou3and **>"* l ° Fairyland Carnival at the Pavilion, which Friday and /7_^r ., _S .I
«. «nd figured, all swell up-to-date- patterns, begins to-morrow night, and will place them on special sale all day 'Friday and, Saturday, at ' Satu _J, v • /f^L = 5
£ 2 5 c per pair socks, ; which we bought . the following prices: • ''.' '.' -o""™ / £-'"-T V *
f«' ¦ "at a special price, which. enables us m mm The $1. CO Coupon Tickets — Six coupons which will admit six persons at one r "9 ES—\^ EmjFZ ' &
ft 'to say to-day only, -per pair. . . MmG ¦ time, or. one person six times, until closing time Saturday night u 'SOUS f^P B m^m^^ — «J
f __ '"•¦- „ - Single Admission Tickets— Good for any tine during the Carnival—^on sale < jj%_ | Hatrack— Solid oak, with four coat hooks and J»
X Men'S Underwear. beginning this morning and until closing time Saturday night - each . . . . B £7&r umbrc , ]a hoUeT^ xe 72^ O ; ncheJ> with a J
5 Men's fleece lined . Underwear; good quality, O . ... . O . ', . • " - %
f» «ft finish, pretty blue and white striped ef- 7V»^9^19#fi HT S ZX FB !T8 f* B *S*Z&Bt* lixiz-men mirror; to-cay
i fects; verV sightly garments thai will 'give ..¦*¦&""'&'¦"**"**& <&&MGm and to-morrow. §3o<®@ X
V good wear; regularly 75c each, on ,2^— . ..We have closed out from a New York jobbing-house a large lot of one of the Bedroom Suit— Three pieces, made of solid, X
a? Frida y • •¦ • • •¦¦¦> •¦ ' • •• » C ; >est grades of Tennis Flannels made; it is a better, quality than is usually oak; bureau has a French plate mirror, 22x28 , *J
* ; «_ »_ _^ OfcJ-,-.^. met with >a this market'at any price. There are about 120 different designs and color inches- a bareain at «fO CZ n * •«
J Saie OF'&nOeS. effects; these are the heavy,' durable, neatly colored styles for underwear, night- ££ ' Dargam &1S.OU *
V Mis-es' and Ch'ldren's Healthful Rubber gowns, pajamas, etc., and the best flannelette bargain of the year at Friday's extra- Snb&Hl Hinintf form TMr VxtnAs tit f*ct w : th «
* HciIcd zhozs — On special sale Friday and ordinary special price, per yard . . -*¦ --V . , - •- 1 "•' «
JC Saturday. It has been demonstrated that -— ¦ / .' " " " ' ¦ '¦ 1 — ' heavy Iegj; size of top 42x43 mchtsj regu- J
J rubber heeled shoes prevent spinal trouble • . r IFlTBtiS^^ SifSd SstUIT&Jii^ SSSSG larly $10.00; for Friday and X
X and other diseases incidental to growing chil- . RiSnn'Gt S»ntS #?«V«* ffiSitfhSnn Saturday .... ... . §7,23 %
K dren, and render walking easy and healthful. «Q u .^«7« c,*-« iiX?« •'•.¦¦¦»"¦ t . o . r , ,,-' ,5
5 Ths particu'ar lot of rubber heel shoes are P^l » Men* $15.00 Suiti or Overcoats, $10-75— An»immense assortment Tapestry Brusse S Carpet — Good desgns and j*
5 neat in appearance and serviceable; lest quality V*'/ from which to select suits, single or double sack coat style; in wor-. cheerful colorings, all-wooJ surface, •*
J -of box calf, with new style tee and tip and J^V. '^ t^™' '*?**. 'it**? v" CZS ™ aCTei * als ° " ae " n . d Wack f ? duraKe weave; per yard '. 47 C *
S- extension soles; to introduce them we quote /*&"f*\ "» of the newest and finest fkbnc.; the patterns and colonngs str.ctly , r- , r- j g
tf these prices for Fiiday and Saturday only: «vk I / I ' "? t0 atc ' c COatS ave C rOa( * m^ ar y •k° u M en with $hc shape- Unohum-7-Extra heavy quality, twilve feet
•f iiU to 2, regularly $1 75. . .for $1 m t%3 %/f— ~-X / reta5n3n S fronts > « genuine $15.00 valttr; the overcoats are made wide only; per square yard, Friday {£
£ SU'toix, regularly $1 50. ..for $1.22 ' of all-wool, medium-weight Oxford gray cheviots, lined with the best and Saturdiy . . 63O "5
S : — - ,f*l*SlkY~~~ ' worsted serge; sleeves with guaranteed satin; they are Cut long, with ' " '31
IT jCV»*»jrtf ttftUMrf SOm ' C^^» k V-J\ ' slash pockets and cufis on sleeves; also a ««»- d£'gfb TP ££ **
I FrUBt BOWt,o3C. ¦ -H»ffliv \ V W 4f/5.00 W /«,;FridayandSaturda^only^flF»Z^ 1 fflH fiCfinfi Q T«.0 sy ?
J A large (10-inch), fine imitation ot cut glass >^V >— V Boys' fchottl Suits, $2.19— Sizes for I to 15 years; all-wool fabrics; *"*«*• *«•«»* v zmmaj.
$ Orange or Fruit Bowl, large enough, in fact, /j(W|\\ v new shades of gray, blue, green and Oxford mixtures for spring wear; EtgtiS — The best fancy Ranch Eggs, *
X : to use as a punch bowl, a sp'eftdid - value at /I ffAW \ ' double-breasted coats and knee pants; a genuine 4t**% -Q g% j -i t «
V $1.00 each; 150 of them on / h < f I yS\ '\. C o Friday and SaJday . 1&S m U S everyone guaranteed; special sale g
J special nleFnday only at. '.. g»C > Tfl V%\ Boys' Vestee Suit*, $2^5-Sizes for 5 to 10 year,; fa • all-wool to-day, per dozen. 24o -J
x Paneterie, 7c. YaitV \\ c o b 7? and m T ; A r newco V5 c^V^ : 5
g ¦• • . ¦ -•"«" •»••«»• ¦*•# • •»» - •: All \\ * Oxford gray; single-breasted vests, embroidered shields, well made a pjeJc,,— fi
It A neat box of good quality writing paper, either m U \\ \ , Ah -.'' . and trimmed; a genuine $3. 00 value', Friday gfe^h *% £2 •**»<> Jf
it ru!ed or plain, in cream color only; 24 sheets j | } ..ll rf " and Saturday only . . ' '. .-. . . ... . . xftdSt a *3f mlr Milchner Herring — Choice imported; to-day, S 5
Jf of paper and 1 aj ; envelopes; on* y^ rU . U^a JjJ,: Bcys'l 7.50 Long Pants Suits, $4-95— New spring colorings and for 25O S
g .. special sale Friday for. . . . . . -M %0 M I , & '' patterns, handsome striped effects, in blues, greens and gray; also Olives— New Manzanillos; large and meaty; "?
5- mm mm .~i m ! * „«, ' " plain blue; all-wool materials and well made; a gfeJfJ SBk £g quart OJs ""*
I 75c Underw'r, 56c. g^*. 5 o 9^ !^^s««* r «*,-&t*9& BSS^i or s paS het ,-soid •» $
ft To-day and Saturday we offer 60 dozen Ladies* . » • • ¦ « ZZ ¦¦ . ¦ . '- ' bulk- to-dav Dound r ° ¦ — w
J. Jersey Ribbed Wool Vests and Pants; the ' UttUOrS TO-Day. ' bulk, tcMiay, pound 5 O •{
* vests high neck, and long sleeves, the pants Glitter A1 Whiskey— Their best brand; on special sale: Friday, only, bottle . , . G9O """I* Bbcu "— Zu Za 3 * or Oystercttes, g
i£ ankle length; in cream only; a quality that Port or Sherry. Wine — Our regular 75c .quality; to-day, gaUon . ?".';>.V "*. . . . ". . 55a P 30^^ 5 5O
J. has never been sold for 'oitlun__^ Bass Ale— Full quart bottles, bottled by Hall & Son; to-day, dozen «V.. . . . '.' . $2.25 Black Fard Dates— For Stuffing; " to-day, 3 «'
K 75c per garment, at . . . . . .. £?C9£r Gilka Kimmzl^The genuine imported, made by J. A. Gilka; to-day,- bottle . . . . . . Q7o pounds. . . 25o
I Ban Frandeco, Friday, 7 February, 1902.
I Very "Swagger."
o~— ¦ — ¦ — — — • q , v '
One of £he most swagger high-grade metal bedsteads we
have ever shown is represented in the picture above. The ' de- f
sign of the bed is shown very nicely here, but unfortunately no • g
idea of the beauty of coloring can be given. The construction 1
is superior in every detail. .We have it in the following color 1
, combinations: Porcelain, canary, gold and polished brass; .an- .;:-'¦
tique green, gold polished and dull brass; porcelain, blue and " |
Price for any combination, $45.00. ¦ -^ i
Of course other less expensive metal beds are here at a
nearly every figure you can name, if yqji do not ca"re to spend "I
n as much as $45.00. • "ir/ B
; (Successors to California Furniture Co.) I
957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. !
Stock^sddng Sate
f&P "'^wip^rTMfjfS' After stock-taking we are anxious to I-
fflk '* ¦¦¦'-(PSr ' v l : -W clean up, and you get the benefit of j "
Ir^J TO^ :^ S ° me °'9 ° ap 9 ams ' > r I
W M ? ° This season's rainy-day ©Q 7C g
¦'¦ft^^Wf 0 ° Skirts, were $5: now $Z, j 0 "V
1At : 'JP"*-255j * This season's tailor-made dress- j>
pUJ es,.wereg, 7 .oo ; now|g^[j,;.|
J^^This season's three-quarter Kersey 07 C fi 1
J\\ ! . Goats, were $1 3.^0 ; now. diiOU j
W '^This season's Oxford Raglans, all wool, Q | Q r ft 1
B)l> were $20.00; now. i
It' Fur Collarettes, silk lined, worth $7.50 ; Q A C ft i
s|y now. ... ........... ... . v &G,i}y \
' )¦) "• ¦ ' C*o*K-. and S-«x.iL'f> Houac '.>FRIDAY FEBRUARY 7, I9°2
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
AUrtis All Commnnic&tio&s to V. S. LEASE, Kt&igtr. .
MANAGER'S OFFICE. ..... . Telephone Pre«« 204
PUBLICATION OFFICR...Mnrkct and Third. S. F.
Telephone 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
. Telephone Press 202.
Delivered hr Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Slnsrle Copies. S Cents.
Trraii l»y Mull. Inelndlnar Postncet
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $5.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). « months.... ;.:......- 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months. ••••• l- w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month * C 5 * 5
SUNDAY CALL. One Year i- 60
¦WEEKLY CALL, One Year lM
All postmaster* ure authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ort«int chane* oi »dare»« should *o«
panicnlar to cive both NEW JLND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Jnsare a prompt and correct compliance- with their reijueiL
OAKLAXD OFFICB 1118 Broadwar
C GEORGE KUOGKESS.
Xatager rertign Adrertiaimg. Xarfnett* Building. Chieigft.
OUjet Diatacoa Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTO.Y Herald Square
TiKW YORK REPRESENT ATTVBj
STKPHK2T B. SMITH 3O Tribune IJnlldlnsr
KEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria- Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Squire;
Mnrray HUJ HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS I
Ebertnan Boose; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fresaost Home; Andltorfnia HoteL . '
IVASIIIXGTOX <D. C> OFFICB. . . .1408 G St., Jf. W.
MORTOS E. CRASK. Correspondent.
BO.OfrH OFKTCES— C27 Montgomery, corner of Clay open
until 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «33
McAllister, open ostll 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
»:3O o'clock. 1841 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. S3B1
llaihct. ccraer Sixteenth, open tntll 9 o'clock. 10*6 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until ft
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until » o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
HOTEIi . DEL." CORONADO. choicest Winter
Resort In the world, /offers best living,' climate;
boating, "• bathing, ' fishing and : most amuse
ments. E. S." ; Babcock. manager, Coronado^ Cal.
The exposition at Charleston is called "The Ivory
City," but as the feature which attracts most atten
tion is thenegro building, it would seem that ebony
city would have been more appropriate.
"Senator Lotsmun," . asked one of the
fellows on the- other side; "will; you tell
me why you favor the ship subsidy bill. ••
' "Well , . sir," answered the - distinguished
, Senator, '¦ "after ' got your Nicara
guan;canal dug; you'll- want to see some
American /.ships go. through It, won't
you?"— Chicago Tribune. . ; .;;¦¦
Or.ty a short time ago the New York papers re
ported. Mrs. Pat Campbell as saying she had won
$22,000 at hridge whist from New York society
women, and now Mrs. Campbell says she never won
- uny such money nor ever played bridge whist in her
life. Yellow journalism again.. " .
'Burnett's Vanilla Extract is the fixed stand
ard of excellence. Has outlived Criticism. Is the
finest, purest vanilla extract that can be bought.
;'A movement is, on foot in North Caro
lina, prompted by the tobacco dealers, to
erect astatue,ofSlrj Walter. Raleigh inj
Raleigh. Collection boxes are to be placed
in' stores where tobacco Is sold. \^
A sporting club of Newport News has accom
plished the impossible in modern civilized sport; it
has determined upon a man hunt with bloodhounds
for hunters and any stray vagrant man for the role of
the hunted. To make the scheme notably praise
worthy some members of the club should volunteer
to take the place of the vagrant
Special information supplied daily to
business .houses and public men by the '
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. -Telephone Main 1042.,. ? .
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in " fire-etched; boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market st:. Palace Hote* building. •
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'g.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy.Townsend's.*
The.Prescott Prospect has issued a^ppe-.
cial mining edition devoted to '.inf arming
the . world concerning the, wealth^ of
Yavapai County, Ariz.' Particular > at
tention is given to mining, but agriculture
and grazing are described fully 'and 7 the
outsider will be astonished .to." find out
what a fine county this is. .The 'Prospect
takes off its hat, metaphorically speaking,
to the climate.- upon which it dwells with
enthusiasm. In all respects the Prospect
has issued an admirable number, which
wi?l be of material assistance to the sec
tion which it pictorially represents and
verbally describes felicitously. ¦* .
Wealth of Arizona Mines.
The athletes will now ; have to turn their attention
to. the. Thunderer, and Kipling can, give his mind to!
the composition ' of a new and , rougher blast at the
aristocracy that , desires empire without . having the "
courage to; fight for it. . ". ' '¦'. ' ..¦•.',' a-";^
Furthermore^ the Times says the men who are fore
most bn'th'e ball grounds have not been prompt in
responding to the call of the country for 'volunteers
for the war... In short, the conclusion i is that Kipling
is fully j ustified in 'denouncing ¦ the athletes as ¦ "flan
neled 'fools at the 'wickets and muddled oafs at ' the :
goals," and that empire cannot put its trust 'in- such,
men. ¦ : ,
• The Times says the. public delight in games has
now reached • a point where engagement, -in athletic
sports is virtually "compulsory" upon : every young
man who has any leisure at all. The schools expect it
of every- robust pupil and the universities of. every
stalwart student. After, graduation . the .young \ man
finds that his county or his club, expects, him to con
tinue, at, the games in order'to uphold its "prestige in
the face of rivalry} By reason of the pressure of such
a public sentiment, cricket and football have become
"the. serious business" of many young men who
ought to be much better employed. The games them
selves lose in value by the devotion of the people to
them, because they cea'se'tb be a means of recreation
and become a pursuit'requiring excessive training^and
exhausting 'trials of strength and /speed. '" : '
KIPLING- has been, supported by the .London
Times in his a.ttack' upon the' "flanneled
fools" and "muddled oafs" of Great Britain
who spend their time playing cricket and golf.instead
of learning how to be of use to their country in pro
tecting the "lordliest line in the world." While mpst
of. the voices of Britain have been loud in commenda
tion of the healthful games of the schools, universi
ties and clubs, and either indignant or sarcastic 'in
criticizing the poet 1 for his rough-rhymed attack upon
them, the Times says Kipling is right— that the devo
tion to games and athletic sports in Great Britain has
been carried too far and has become a positive evil in
the land. ¦ . -•• ' , . '
THE FLANNELED FOOLS. " -
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— The following
Californians are .in New Yqrk:. From
San ¦ Francisco — Mrs. . Lonsdale, at Na
varre; C. H. Lumberg, at Manhattan;
Mrs. E.. A. Miller, at Grand; W. B.
Cope, at Holland;. J. F. Valentine, at
Broadway Central; I. LJ. Gilbert, at St.
Denis. /
From Los. Angeles— P. Farre, at Im
perial. '
From San Jose— J. W. Kiley, at Marl
boroughi . ''~-V3'tV^ST'
Californians in New York.
In a single week recently New, York received 60,
000 sacks of pojjjtoe's imported from Great Britain
and Boston about 5000 sacks, so.it would seem the
old country has a few' foodstuffs in sufficient quantity
to share with her neighbors.
£>ENAT0R BACON of Georgia has introduced
a resolution' providing for, the general circula-
tion of the Congressional Record. His propo
sition is to offer it to the public like any other publi
cation, at a price 3 of about $2 for each session, the
Government engaging to publish and distribute as;
many copies as are required to supply the demand."
• The Senator supported his resolution by saying it
is designed to give the people fuller ! information
concerning the proceedings of Congress than are ob
tainable through. the p*ress. Senator Hawley of Con
necticut commended the proposition^ and in doing so
lamented the comparative neglect of Congress by
the newspapers of to-day. He stated that his own
newspaper experience runs back forty : or fifty years,
and that in former, times the press gave a much
fuller account of the proceedings of Congress and of
the speeches of distinguished 'members than is given
by the press' of to-day... Believing that the decline in
the amount of space given to Congress is doing harm
to the country, he joins with Senator Bacon in urging
a measure to make the Congressional Record fill a
long-felt , want . . ¦¦' / ' ,
Of course anything, that increases popular, knowl
edge of the course of. national legislation will be
beneficial. There are a good many people doubtless
who have time to read the Record and who are will
ing to do so. It is probable some such persons can
be induced to *>ay $2 for the privilege of reading the
proceedings of a session; ' but as under existing .con
ditions almost any one can obtain the Record from
his Congressman without, paying' anything for it at
all, it is not likely the numberjfof subscribers would
be large. " \. .- '";,'¦'.- ¦'¦•';'5- r *-.-,
Asa- matter of fact the newspapers give the public
about Vl: the proceedings .of Congress that the pub
lic care to read. Times have changed since Senator
Hawley began his career as a. newspaper man 'fifty
years ago. In those' old days the American people
were not much interested 'in anything except poli
tics, and naturally enough thg newspapers gave most
of their space to news from Washington. Very dif
ferent is the condition, of. affairs now. The "advance
ment of science, .the tremendous expansion of indus
try, the' increasing variety and interest of' American
social life and the development of international com-'
merce have brought new demands- upon the public
and upon the newspapers. £uch matters can no
longer be dismissed-in a{ paragraph while a i page is
given to a speech of a Senator at Washington. More
over,, while these diverse interests have, been increas-.
ing "public interest in politics, has. been decreasing.
We are no longer engaged in such strenuous politics
as that which preceded and led up. to the Civil War.
The oratory of the House and of /the Senate no
longer thrills a public . made intensely sensitive by a
struggle that threatened disunion. ... ' 7
r'. We make these comments upon Senator, Hawley's
CONGRESS AND THE PEOPLE.
Uncle Sam has decided, to v arm the long frontier
which faces our Canadian friends and brethren. The
best way to preserve good-fellowship. and the bless
ings of peace is to prepare for, war,
Leonard Joseph, vice president of the
Joseph Brothers Railway Supply Com
pany of Cincinnati, is at the Palace. He
sails on the Sierra for a tour of. Aus
tralia. : -
J. Haslacher, a merchant .of Oakdale,
is down here on a short business trip.
He has made his headquarters at the
Palace. . •
O. G. Sage, manager^ of a 'hardware
store at' Sacramento, Is among the ar
rivals at the Palace. .
Bank Commissioner John Marklcy is
down from Marysville. and 19 registered
at* the Lick." . '
Harry L. Ford, an official of. the Unitod
States Coast Survey Department, Is at
the Lick. . ' - ,
E.- O. Miller, a banker of Visalia, is
registered at the Palace. .
J. -Miller, postmaster of Vancouver,
B. C, Is a guest at the Grand..
J. H. Pdlk, a capitalist of Los Angeles,
Is at the Palace with his .family.
W. C. Price, an oil speculator and cap
italist of Pasadena, is at the* Grand.
Frank H. Buck, the well-known fruit
grower of Vacaville, is at the Palace.
"You may not beMeve it," said the
/ young man with the v bad eye, ."but I
found a needle in' a haystack once, when
I was a boy." -
"How long did it take your* inquired
the other fellows; 1 * •
- "About the tenth part ' of ., a .second. 'I
sat down on it."— Chicago Tribune.:
The vender of the little toy automo
biles was doing- a thriving business, and
the tiny tin chauffeur guided his little,
machine round and round in a ceaseless
circle. "Step right up, ladies and-gentle
men," called the vender. "Here's your
Willie K.'s true to the life, only a quar
ter!"—Boston Transcript.
Ambitious Reporter— Mr. Depew, If you
will tell me what you expect to say when
your wedding comes off, so I can get a
scoop on the_other fellows, I'll promise
not to use it till ~we get a dispatch that
you are married.
Air. Depew— My dear fellow, I'll do it,
only you mustn't tell anybody else. I ex
pect to say "1 do."— Chicago Tribune.
NOW A DAYS-C. C, Occidental. Sono
ma County, Cal. There is a work of fiction
called "Now a Days," written • by Mrs.
K. M. Marshall.
LIKE AND LOVE— Subscriber, City. It
is proper to say "I like my friend" and "I
love my friend." The degree of affection
is to be measured by the speaker. -,
• PAPJBR MONET— C. C, Occidental, So
noma . County. Cal. Paper money of 1779
has no market value. It is worth what
ever the holder desires for it or an intend
ing purchaser is willing to give.
' OYSTER PLATES— W., Oakland, Cal.
The correct way to use oyster plates, such
as have compartments In then, in imita
tion of shells, is .to rest the oyster in* the
half shell in the compartments'. r-'j/'v^
A WATERPROOF— W. P., 'Fort l *Bragff.
Mendoclno County, Cal. The best article
for repairing a waterproof, the seama of
which are opening, is gutta percha"ce
ment. <
Why. should any sane people think of giving up a
known and certain good for the chance of obtaining
a benefit unknown and uncertain? Many .are the
pleas that have been made for reciprocity, but in al
most every case the pleader has been either an out
and out free-trader or else a man who wishes protec
tion for his own industry but is willing to deny it to
other Americans. There are conditions of course
under which profitable reciprocity treaties could be
made by the people of the United States, but it is
hardly worth while to run the risk of endangering
the protective system by venturing upon them at this
time.
In sharp contrast to the obscurity of the reciprocity
theory stands the clearness of the protective system.
As Mr. Gardiner says: "Protection we know. . It has
grown with our growth and expanded with the na
tion. The policy of no section, it is continental and
American. For 125 years it has been as fundamental
to our commerce as is the constitution to our Gov
ernment. Foreign nations have always recognized it
and' have made their treaties and adjusted their, trade
relations on the basis of our established protective
system."
The uttermost that can be said for the various re
ciprocity treaties that have been negotiated since the
Dingley ir.riff was enacted is that they promise a
commercial advantage to some American industries.
No one can guarantee that such advantages would
more than offset the losses occasioned to other indus
tries by depriving them of- protection. In venturing
upon reciprocity, therefore, we would be embarking
upon an untried policy, one whose results cannot be
accurately computed. We would be turning away
from a fiscal system which long experience has
proven to be beneficial to all American industries
for the sake of trying one that at the best does no
more than promise benefits to a few' industries in
stead of to all.
The reciprocity theory, the speaker pointed out, is
based upon a "mistaken conception of President Mc-
Kinley's Buffalo address." To quote the language
of Andrew Carnegie, "reciprocity is an easy word to
s&y, but a difficult policy to inaugurate." Moreover,
even if it were inaugurated it would be futile in most
cases, for, as Mr. Gardiner says: "The essence of
reciprocity is the concession of special tariff rates to
one country at the expense of others. If reciprocity
should be extended, concessions would multiply;
and should it Wome general and concessions be
made to all, then all concessions to one would neces
sarily be nullified. Trade would, resume its rutural
course. Our protective tariff would be reduced with
out the slightest gain in foreign markets."
CHARLES A. GARDINER in a recent address
to the New York Credit Men's Association
on the subject dfc American commercial ex
pansion presented in a striking way the fallacy of the
doctrine that we can extend our trade only by re
ciprocity treaties. His plea was for a firm mainte-^
nance of the policy of comprehensive protection, un
der which our industries have prospered and our
trade has expanded to an extent that has made it the^
marvel of the-^ge.
PROTEOTION OR RECIPROCITY.
TO Miss Rachel Louise McAusland, who is socially well
known "" in New York, .the- mail from Berlin recently
brought a strange present. It was a dueling sword,
and with It came a letter from, a young .German -lieu-.
' tenant,' saying that with it he had fought for her hand
on the field of honor. ! His opponent had been a young Eng
lishman connected with the diplomatic service.
. . At her home, -where aha lives with her mother, Miss Mc-
Ausland told of her gift and naively added that she did not
share the superstitious belief • of some that friendships were
often broken by the acceptance of a weapon as a present
Miss McAusland disclaimed a rpmantle disposition, but told
with some satisfaction of how the youngr English diplomat and
the soldierly lieutenant fought for the favor of her hand. -
Miss McAusland is the daughter of James McAusland, who
died several years ago. She went abroad to.be educated, and
in the winter of 1S9S she was introduced to society In Stutt-
srart, Germany, by the Countess von Linden, ths wlfa of the
former German Minister to Russia, herself a former New York
gin.
• It was at a reception In her honor that Miss McAnsland
met the diplomat and the soldier. They paid her marked at
tention, and at several of the European capitals thereafter
durins the winter. - t . . .': . , : .
Miss McAusland confesses that from tho'. first ah« -was
rather more strongly attracted by the eolfiler. Things mili
tary, shesald, always Impressed her, and the young lieutenant
was the very pick of the Kaiser's army.
In April, 1899, : Mls3 McAusland returned to New York, still
heart whole. She afterward learned the diplomat and the
soldier met In a duel, but whether either man waa wounded
or not is a matter of speculation.
,. A Th , e . b la<*e will hang on the wall of Miss McAusrarid's
b Ut m do a rustr sword wWcb bsLa come d own to her from
a -Revolutionary ancestor. : . .-
MISS RACHEL. LOUISE McAUSLAND, A NEW YORK SOCIETY GIRL., FOR WHOSE HAND A GERMAN IJEtJ
TENANT AMD A BRITISH DIPLOMAT FOUGHT A DUEL. ABROAD, THE ARMY OFFICER SENDING HER
HIS DUELING SWORD AS A PRESENT.
It appears from all of these contradictory showings
that both the Boers and the British are ' making
grand stand plays in public, but are secretly working
through the Dutch Government to arrange for end
ing a war of which both sides are tired. At present
the negotiation shows .a very pretty game in dip
lomacy. The Dutch Government officially and for
mally declares it has no. intention of intervening, and
will not consent to mediate. Itvannounces it has no
intention to even suggest anything. The British de
clare they have no terms- to offer to any except 'the
Boers in the field, and the terms to .them are uncon
ditional surrender. The Boers in their turn assert
a determination not to negotiate for anything, ex
cept independence. Still the talk of peace goes on,
and it seems evident that each of the three parties to
the game has much better cards in his sleeve than he
shows ia his hand. .... ¦ . .,.
While the Boer leader is thus uttering publicly his
determination to stand by the platform of "liberty or
death" the British Liberals insist that the chief-ob
stacle in the way of peace is Joseph Chamberlain and
the. Ministry which supports him. It is pointed out
that the Government has never declared a generous
policy toward the Boers, nor has it, in fact, an
nounced any definite^ programme whatever. Refer
ring to Chamberlain's speeches the Westminster
Gazette says: "He will not say he is for the policy
of unconditional surrender, but neither .will he say he
is against it. He will not say the Government will be
deaf to overtures, but he proceeds to wipe off the
slate almost every Boer leader who could possibly
make them. -/-At' one* moment he uses' fairly concilia
tory language, but at the next he is making threats
which, as regards the most important people con
cerned, entirely close the door on conciliation."
If such; agreement .on the part of the. Boers is
"definitely known" in- Amsterdam- it is \ certainly
known nowhere else. The Berlin correspondent of
the London News reports that President Kruger re
cently said to a friend in speaking of the probability
of peace: "If intervention could shorten the war,
even only by a day, we should hail it with thanks in
the name of those whose unutterable sufferings would
be lessened by it. -But we should not be grateful
for an intervention which' did not reckon, with our
aspirations for independence. A peace which one
often hears. proposed on the English side— subjection
first, then a sort of autonomy— that we will never
accept." . '. - ' 9
The Amsterdam. correspondent of the London Mail
asserts it: is definitely known" in that city that the
Dutch Premier's recent visit to London has resulted
in the persuasion of. President kruger and the Boer,
delegatesjin, Europe to consent. to waive. the claim
for the acknowledgment of the independence of the
Transvaal and Orange Free State as a prerequisite to
any, consideration of / peace.' He adds that the. idea*
now' is that of a partial '"incorporation" of the repub
lics with the empire as distinct from absolute annexa
tion, and that the discussion turns mainly upon the
terms on -which banished Boers will be permitted 'to
return -and the amount of damages to be paid by the 1 :
British to the Boers for rebuilding and restocking
their homesteads. . '"'. '
FROM the" 1 steadiness with 'which the peace | talk .
goes onin London it seems probable the Gov
ernment has given encouragement to the pro
moters of the movement to bring about negotiations
with tKe .Boer leaders. Neither, side of- course, dis- :
plays in public any willingness to yield & jot of its
.original, pretensions, but. at the same time the Hol
land Government would; hardly .persist in its efforts
were.it not that secret- assurances are given of ulti
mate success. ' ;"¦•"¦'.¦¦ '••"'¦«' •¦'¦' ¦'¦-¦'; ¦'¦ : ' : . ;•: ¦
• OBSTACLES TO PEACE.
The Princess Sophie, Bamba Dhuleep Singh was
pelted with snow a few days ago by some rude Chi
cago k ,bbys and /she left in great indignation for Can
ada - It js also saidthat she took : her name with her.
Let the next Legislature hear a loud call to stick
to the possible, to achieve it without demagogue
blather, and we may yet "get, something out of our
Railway Commission to justify its existence. . ' •
The Legislature may well be admonished. That
body has heretofore occasionally chosen to acquire a
reputation for zeal by attempting the impossible. Let
it not tamper with interstate commerce and rates. • If
it .'impinge the commission's authority on any such
legislation the courts will void it. The foxy brethren
who know that our California exporters" are caused to
perspire, by some of the long haul rates eastward are
entirely* capable of introducing such measures to
make 'themselves solid' with the fruit and other out
shippers by pretending to help them by doing some
thing that if it became law would be of no more effect
than the incantation of a Digger Indian before an
image made of a Yankee pumpkin. '
The wild but well meaning people who made our
present constitution thought that in 'creating the
Railroad Commission they were planting a thorn in
the railroads. But the only thorn around has proved
to be that on .which the commission sat. While
the 'resulting pain has been assuaged by a salary and
headquarters,' 'the acute stage is now here, and either
the Kentucky law must be adopted in this State or
the commission must be substituted by some readier
method of compelling conclusions.- Our commission
is charged with a lot of impossible duties. Among
these it must adopt a set of books and a method of
bookkeeping and compel their adoption by all rail
roads. There has never been a member of the com
mission who knew any more about bookkeeping than
bookkeeping knew about him. It is time toitake
away from the commission the numerous thirigs it
cannot do and, give it the few, plain and necessary
things it can and ought to do.
Adopt "into our_ system the Kentucky law and the
whole situation is changed. The -commission then,
like the centurion, can say to a Grand>Jury "Come,"
and it cdmeth, and to a Judge ."Go,".; arid he goeth.
The commission by the Kentucky law becomes the
prosecutor, can assist or replace the local prosecuting
officer, can draw- indictments and appear with -them
•in the Grand Jury room. . In this State, under- our
law of initiation of criminal proceedings, it need not
wait for a presentment by a Grand Jury7 but can hold
up an octopus on informatipn and belief, qualified to
before any committing magistrate, ' and thereon can
promptly hale a railroad before a petit ' jujiy and
prosecute it. ' . .y .. . ' . ,:
When a Railroad Commission makes a decision,; as
in the oil cases in this State,- the courts cannot avoid
giving their- power - l in temporary restraint nor the
hearing of argument why thaY restraint : should be
made permanent. But it will be seen that ourRail- r
road Commission gets into court only by being
chosen defendant in a lawsuit, and has to go before
the bench and sit in the chair of thefcringer just as
if it were a .common personality accused of overdriv
ing, a livery horse or tunning away with a neighbor's
wife. , • \ "¦'. '¦-¦•- ":':¦:¦ . ¦. ¦' '
THE importance of the recent . decision of the
United States Supreme Court validating the law
of Kentucky, which makes the judicial courts the
instrument of an executive or legislative commission
for the management and public oversight of railways,
is of prime importance in its relation to domestic
traffic, c.onfined to ..points, within the State., Hereto
fore when committees and commissions created of
legislative*, creation, with administrative functions
have appealed to the Federal process for enforcement
of their decisions the courts have declined to consider
themselves as v the subordinate and instrument of such
minor executive body. On the other hand, the courts
have held. that they are part of a co-ordinate branch
of the Government itself, with authority rooted in the
constitution, and power and jurisdiction defined by
statute, and are not to be used as an executive con
venience. • ' .', ' ' '¦ ',
STATE "RAILROAD .COMMISSIONS]
statement with no intention to disparage ; the effort
to make the Congressional Record \a live newspaper.'
If Congress desire : to ) have the country know more
of its proceedings and reatl "more* of its speeches we
have no' objection to the circulation of the Record at
$2 per session. This much may be said, however: If
the venture is to have any "chance of success the pres
ent custom of striking from the; Record, all the 'hot
words and fighting talk- uttered in debate must be
abandoned. The/Record can well afford to edit out
much that it now contains, but if it is to be made a
popular ; magazine it must 'publish the live , news.
THE SAN FBAJiTCISCO GAEL, FRIDAY; ¦ FEBRUARY 7; 1902.
RECEIVES AS A GIFT TH E SWORD
THAT CLASHED FOR HER IN DUEL
6
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
AMUSEMENTS.
OrpncTim —^Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-booae — "Jim tbe Penman.**
Calllornla — "The Pride of Jennico."
Central— "Master and Man."
Columbia — "In the Palace of the King.*'
Chutes Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville erery afternoon and
evenJac ¦ •
Mechanics^ Pavilion— JnTenile Fairyland Carnival, Febru-
ary 8.
Eall — Piano Recital Febrnary 13.
Oakland Racetracfc — Race» to-day. . •
By Hagoplan & Co. — This day, at 10:30 o'clock. Oriental
Rags, at 230 Post street. •
By W. a. Laycs — Monday. .February 10. at 10:30 o'clock.
Horses, a.t 721 Howard street.
AUCTION SALES.
S • — — — — IT]B
| St Valentine and the Maiden I
: v .;. : . ,; : - ; . . ,./--'¦¦• s
1 What to Do When Held Up I
| , by a Footpad f
§ ' By Chief of Police Wfttman and Captain Scymoot n
| ¦: . .,•¦¦-,. •;.- > • . . ._ ;.:>v i
I A iJ|§p|||e|F^§J^BraM ) §
S J The FanoyTliings People Do aoi Ask For There a
llTHESUNDAYCALLJl
¦ '•— — — — — — ¦ '. •— — : ¦ • ' -¦••¦¦ 5
r v Judge Cpffey's Wards in Chancery S
I! . .San Francisco Orphans Who Arc Htha. "to rw.- a '
¦ t $2oo > ooo,ooa B£d,Ttes£^fasa^.G£ _ I
's --» • , - : ¦ • . .-. -' * a
I I Mme. Nbrdica/the Woman I
¦ B^BERTHA SMITH N g
BH y****™*^^ '" ' " *^ — — . »^^^—^—^^^^___^ ** . vj
;g - .-• ¦ ¦' : ~ " ; — ¦ — -— 0 fj ,
I * READ. THE WOLFVILLE STORIES I S
¦ -\ • B y ALFRED, HENRY LEWIS. | | .
numuuuuuumumnmumumummmmt^m^mmMMumilBRITISH VESSEL THAT NAR
ROWLY ESCAPED DESTRUC
TION ON DUXBURY REEF. . '
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Times and Heights .. of High and Low
• Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
'thorlty of the Superintendent. ., ">>.-•
NOTE- — The high •¦ and low waters ! occur at
the ' city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the -height of tide; is the same at both places.
Puget Sound ports — Feb 5, 2:30 p m, 20 miles
NW of Cape Mendocino. saw a steam schooner
which looked like Acme towing a collier bound
south. Was too far off to make out anything.
Per Br ship Rahane — Sailed from Newcastle,
Aus, Nov 30. Had fresh ENE to NNB winds
tn lat 8 S. Crossed equator 38 days out In Ion
125 W. Took NE trades In 8 N, carrying
them to 40 N. Had SE winds and dense fog
the last four days. On Feb 5, 9 am, came
to anchor in 15 fathoms of water about four
mires west of Duxbury Reef. At 1 p m was
taken in tow by stmr Washtenaw and towed
to port. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb S — Stmr Jeanle,
from Alaska. I .
Sailed Feb &— Stmr Dlrigo, for Skagway.
UMPQUA RIVER— Arrived Feb 3— Schr
Lily, hence Jan 23.
SAN -DIEGO— Arrived Feb 6— Nor stmr
Thyra, from Hongkong-.
To sail about Feb 10 — Nor stmr Thyra, for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed inward Feb &—
Schr O M Kellogg, from Hilo; schr Winslow,
from Mollendo: schr William Renton, hence
Jan 18; bktn Skagit, from San Pedro; Br ship
West Lothian, from Valparaiso; bktn Quick
step, from Kahulul. . -
#rrlved Feb (j — Schr Gamble, from Taku.
ORT GAMBLE — Arrived Feb e — Bktn Ska
git, from San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 6— Schr Wm Bowden,
for Adelaide. •
Arrived Feb 6 — Bktn Quickstep, from Ka
hulul.
Arrived Feb 6 — Schr Forester, from Santa
Rosalia. Feb 6 — Bark. B P Cheney, hence Jan
16; Br bark West Lothian, from Port Town
send.
WHATCOM— Sailed Feb 6— Schr Fred J
Wood, for Shanghai. - • ..
. Arrived ; Feb 6 — Schr Wm Renton, hence
Jan IS. . -.: ,
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 6—
Stmr San Mateo,- from Nanalmo. - ' •'
VENTURA — Arrived Feb 6 — Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Feb 5, and sailed for San Fran
cisco. • • .
EAST SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 6— Barge
Santa Paula,. in tow tug Rescue, for San Fran
clsso.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 6 — Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Balled Feb 6— Schr Philippine,
for Port Townsend.
Sailed Feb 6 — Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco; schr Americana, Tacoma.
CASPAR— Arrived Fe~b 6— Stmr - Luella,"
hence Feb 5. . ' ' .
Sailed Feb 6 — Stmr Samoa, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed Feb 6 — Stmr Che
halls and Sequoia, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS. [.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 22— Bark S C
Allen, hence Jan 4; stmr Ventura, hence Jan
17. Jan 25 — Stmr Tamplco, from Seattle; U S
stmr Kilpatrlck, hence Jan 16; Fr man of war
Protet, hence Jan 16. Jan 28 — Stmr Gaelic,
hence Jan 21; ship Helen Brewer, from New
York; bark Ceylon, from Hilo. Jan 30— Schr
¦W-H Marston, hence Jan S; Br stmr Doric,
from Yokohama ; bktn Planter, hence Jan 14.
Jan 31 — Bark Mauna Ala. hence Jan 15.
Arrived off port Jan 23, for medical pur
poses — Whaling bark John and Winthrop,
hence Dec 28, for whalinjr cruise.
Sailed Jan 21— Schr Honoipu, for Eleele;
bktn Amelia, for Eureka.- Jan 23— Stmr Ven
tura, for Sydney. Jan 24 — Bktn S N Castle,
for San Francisco. Jan 25— Ship Chas E
Moody, for Port Townsend; schr Robert Lew
ers, for Port Gamble: stmr Hyades, for San
Francisco, " via Kahului. Jan 26 — U S stmr
Kilpatrlck, for Manila; ship Florence, for San
Francisco. Jan 28 — Br stmr Gaelic, for Yo
kohama. 3an - 30 — U S - stmr Mohican, for
Christmas Island. • ,
To sail Jan 31 — Stmr Hawaiian, for - Phila
delphia, via Kaanapali and Hilo; Ger ship
Agnes, for San Francisco.
¦ ELEELE — Arrived Jan 23 — Schr Honoipu,
from Honolulu. » -
KAHULUI— Sailed Jan 23— Br bark Antlope.
for Ladysmith. j
MAHUKONA — Arrived Jan 25— Bktn Ruth,
hence Jan 5. . '• • » .
LAHAINA— Sailed Jan 28— Bark- W B Flint,
for Mahukona. ¦
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Feb 3 — Br stmr Duke
of Fife, for Tacoma. - . ¦
. SHIELDS — Arrived Feb 4 — Br atmr Moyune,
from Tacoma. , <
HONGKONG— Sailed Feb 4— Br «tmr Clev
erins:,. for Tacoma. .
Arrived Jan 22^ — Br stmr Braemar. from Ta
coma. Feb 2— Jap stmr Tosa Marti, from Se
attle. ,• -.-•' ¦ ' '¦ ' ' ' ¦¦'¦¦¦¦
SAN BENITO— Sailed Feb 4 — Ger stmr
Luxor., for San Francisco.
' BIRKENHE AD— Arrived Feb 5— Br ship
Glenesslin, hence Sept 25. '
COLON — Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Alllanca, from
New York. . . . •
¦ Sailed Feb 4 — Stmr Advance, for New York.
LONDON — Arrived Feb 5 — Aus stmr Alberta,
hence Nov 14.
. TOCOPILLA — Sailed Feb 3 — Br ship Lyd
gate,. for San Francisco. t . .'.¦-•
.^ OCEAN. STEAMERS.' ;.V:;
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb- 6 — Stmr L'Aqui
talne, for Havre: stmr Rhine, for Bremen.
,KOBE — Arrived Feb 6— Stmr- Glengary, from
Tacoma, for London.
BOSTON— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr Sarmatian;
from Glasgow. • , »•¦
GENOA — Arrived Feb 6 — Stmr Lahn, from
New York, via Naples.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Feb 6 — Stmr Noord
land, from' Liverpool, for Philadelphia; stmr
Germanic, from Liverpool, for New York.
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 7.
The taking of testimony in the case of
Policeman Crackbon, who is charged
with having unnecessarily shot and killed
John Pedro in the Mission on the night
of January 24, was finished yesterday
afternoon before the Police Commission.
The board went into executive session,
but after an hour's deliberation an
nounced that it would take the case under
advisement until next Tuesday. It is
understood that Commissioners Mahony
and Hutton are in favor of dismissing"
Crackbon from the force and Commis
sioners Newhall and Howell have decided
to exonerate the officer.
Crackbon's Trial Ended.
Henry Swanson was in his court yester
day on the charge of carrying a concealed
weapon. The Judge asked him if he had
an attorney and he replied, "Yes, I have
the prison attorney." The answer sur
prised the Judge, and on asking Swanson
for an explanation he said that an officer
in the prison had given him an attor
ney's card and suggested he should en
gage him, as he was a fine lawyer. The
card was that of Attorney Jackson. The
Judge continued the case and intimated
that he would make a thorough investi
gation. . , . , ¦-'¦'-
The officer referred to isl Policeman
Murphy. He denies that he acted as
Swanson alleges. Attorney Jackson, he
said, came with an order to see Swanson
in prison and he supposes Swanson mis
took the order for a business card.
Judge Fritz announced from the bench
yesterday that he intended making an
investigation Into the conduct, of an offi
cer in the City Prison, who is accused of
securing clients for certain attorneys.
Policeman Murphy Is Accused of
Securing Clients for police
lawyers.
CITY PRISON OFFICIAL'S
ACTION TO BE INVESTIGATED
Divorces were granted to E. Bayer from
Charles Bayer for desertion, Maud Mc-
Fadden from Thomas J. McFadden for
willful neglect, Mary . Dalgneau from
George Daigneau for neglect and Mea S.
Thomas from M. J. Thomas for desertion
and failure to provide.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Celestina Parodi against August Parodi
for desertion, E. H. Webb against Lucy
E. Webb for desertion, Mae E. Bu^dick
against T. L. Burdick for failure to pro
vide Johanna Broderick against Michael
Broderick for failure to provide, Annie
McAleer against • Cornelius McAleer for
intemperance. Ferd L«. Ramon against
Sadie E. Ramon for cruelty, 'Francis A,
Andersen against Edith Andersen for de
sertion and Annie M. Wilson against John
Henry Wilson for desertion. . , ' ..
Martha I. Goodwin is suing: Benjamin F.
Goodwin for divorce : on the Vr6uhd.'.of
cruelty. They were married "in "1892 and
have two children. Mrs. Goodwin alleges
that she is a woman .ot x - at refined and
modest nature and sensitive and nervous,
and says her husband Is just the opposite,'
in that he possesses a "vile and abusive
temperament '. and a. suspicious, JealoU3
and insulting disposition."- Mrs. Goodwin
says Goodwin during the last ten years
has called her all sorts of harsh and cruel
names and has repeatedly threatened to
"kill her and the children, cut- them into
small pieces fend throw them In thef
sewer." She . also alleges failure to pro
vide, and says she has had to appeal to
strangers and charitable institutions for
means of support. < • ,
T. S. Guise, a member of the Tlvoll
chorus, is suing Elizabeth C. Guise for di
vorce on the ground of cruelty. They were
married at Pniladelphia in 1&87. and Gulbe
alleges that commencing a short time
after his marriage his wife gave way to
desire for strong drink and made his life
so miserable that he. was compelled to
leave her. Guise also alleges that his
wife once assaulted him with a razor.
Virginia Dell, wife of Robert V. Dell, to
whom she was married at San Rafael: In
August, 1S99, filed a euit for,, divorce .on
the grounds of desertion . and : failure to
provide. They have one. "child," and; Mrs.
Dell claims that her husband la amply
able to support her and the little' one,
being in the receipt of a salary . of > $209
per month.- .. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' .-/;;¦¦% «';' !¦
Charges His Wife With
Cruelty/; , ;
Member of the . Tivoli Ohorus
Claims That Her Hus-,
band Fails to Provide
for Her. • = ¦
MRS. DELL SUES
FOR A DIVORCE
PART OF TUCAPEL'S CREW IMPRESSED
TO HELP SAIL THE COLOMBIAN NAVY
Steamship Arrives From Panama Short Handed, the Isthmian Government
Having Taken: a Dozen of Her Crew to Man the Lautaro-— The Com
pany's Ship Seized by Southern Governor and Later Sunk in Battle
?|||£iTra FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1902.
Ernest T.Gambs, a dealer In stamps
and rare coins, was found asphyxiated In
his bed yesterday morning at 1815 Devisa
dcro street. Gambs was a native of Bal
timore, 40 years .old and unmarried. No
cause is assigned for the suicide. Hla
relatives say that It was his habit to read
his late correspondence In bed after.retir
ing and they think that because of a sud
den lessening of pressure or water in the
plpe3 the flame of the gas jet was extin
guished after he had fallen asleep over" his
letters.
Coin Collector Asphyxiated.
Only Reliable Coal Dealers
Sell Tesla Briquettes, $9 per ton. Best and
cheapest fuel for kitchen and grate. - Phone
South 95 about them. •
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February 6, 1902.
The Time Ball on the ' tower of the Ferry
building was dropped' exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Glasson Charged With Manslaughter.
\ Coroner Leland held an inquest yester
day over the body of George Noblock,
aged 14, who died of a fractured skull on
January 31. The jury returned a verdict
charging John Glasson, who knocked.
Nobiock down, with manslaughter. ,
Commencing to-morrow a series of ex
cursions has been arranged, leaving San
Francisco ferry every Saturday morning
ac 8:30. A special chair car Is to be pro
vided, and the excursion will be person
ally conducted. The route takes the ex
cursionists through the orchard country
of San Leandro and Haywards to San
Jose; here automobiles are furnished, and
the passengers spend a couple of hours
wheeling about the city and environs.
They then take the narrow gauge to Los
Gatos, where luncheon is served at the
Hotel Lyndon. Leaving Los Gatos at 3
p. m., the next - stop is made at Palo
Alto, where a bus takes the passengers
to Stanford University. The party reach
San Francisco again at 7:30 p. m. De
scriptive folders can be secured at the
Southern Pacific Information Bureau,
Market street. •
Bay Shore Excursions.
This was followed by the application ot
Mrs. Gowdey for letters of guardianship
and when these were granted her she Im
mediately commenced proceedings to re
cover the O'Hare gold and realty. Fol
lowing this suit came the arrest of Jac
ques and his wife on "a charge of kidnap
ing their aged charge, m
All three suits wergt. bitterly contested
and occupied the attention of the courts
for months. O'Hare*§T> money was finally
recovered and then followed suits to have
deeds made by the jaged incompetent set
aside. The compromise effected yesterday
is the result of a petition filed the day be
fore for permission to commence another
suit.
O'Hare came from Minneapolis and
went to live with the Jacques family. He
was worth about $75,000. Little attention
¦was paid to the old man, -who was suffer
ing from senility, until Thomas Jacques
was arrested on a charge of grand larceny
and accused by the brothers and sisters
of O'Hare of relieving the old man of his
wealth.
A compromise has been effected between
the relatives of Joseph O'Hare and
Thomas G. Jacques and his family. " In
consideration of the payment of $42,000 by
Jacques to Mrs. Margaret I*. Gowdey,
O'Hare's guardian, ±he interested parties
have. consented to cease their legal bat
tles for the property of the old man. The
deeds made by O'Hare on April 9 and 10,
1S01, in consideration of the sum. paid are
to remain in effect. Thus ends one of the
most bitterly fought contests ever waged
in. the courts here. ,
Chief Engineer Dixon, "William Dun
leavy, third assistant engineer; Second
Officer Ramsey, Quartermaster Martin
-Windon and the lookout were the other
witnesses, but their testimony disclosed
no important .new Information.
In answer to a question by Inspector
Bolles, Cattarinich said tha strong cur
rent from the southwest set him In three
and . a half miles from where he should
have been. He said he waa Just on the
point of using the lead when the vessel
struck.
At 10:59 p. m., when I was going to ring
the slow bell, the ship struck at what proved to
be the starboard side, amidships. Immediately
as I felt the shock I signaled In the engine
room to stop and reverse the engine, which sig
nals were not answered; repeated the signals,
when the chief engineer came on the bridge
and reported the engine powerless with fifteen
feet of water In the engine-room. Ordered
soundings to be taken immediately and found
as much water In the after and main holds as
in the engine-room and eight feet in forward
hold, rapidly increasing. Soundings outside the
ship were taken and proved fourteen feet under
the bow. fifteen feet amidshlp and twenty feet
under the stern. Sea was then at half tide,
ebbing. I immediately called the crew to boat
station and with great promptness all the
boats were in the water, ready to save the lives
of passengers. "Women, children and all others
were placed in the boats, and after considering
that there was more danger of losing lives by
sending them on land at that time of the night
I called them back on board, assuring them that
it was safer to stay on board until daylight,
as the ship would not go down further than
she was. Gave them refreshments and as socn
as daylight sent them all in boats, In charge
of their respective officers, to La Llbertad.
where all were landed in safety. Thereafter
all ether precautions were taken to save bag
gage, mall and other properties. Very respect
fully, . : J. F. CATTARINICH.
At 10:40 p. m., appearing to be closer to tha
land than I had calculated, I altered the coursa
to East (mag.), then went In my room, pricked
ship's position In the chart, and In going bacls
on the bridge saw the chief engineer standing
near the purser's office and notified him that
in about fifteen minutes we should anchor, also
giving him Instructions for the morning to be
ready to move closer In case we were too far
out. "Went back on the bridge and gave my
order to the officer as usual prior to anchor
ing.
Steamer's Course Altered.
The steamship San Bias under my command
sailed from San Francisco November 24, 1901,
at noon, -bound to Panama and way ports as
per company's schedule.
The port of Acajutla (Salvador) waa reached
on tha 17th. of December at 6:04 a. m., and
sailed from the same at 7:00 p. m. for the port
of La Llbertad (Salvador). I gave the direc
tion of the sailing of the ship, Instructing th»
engineer to set the engine at fifty-six revo
lutions per minute, which gave the shfp a
speed of 9% knots per hour. At 7:08 p. m. set
course S. \e, W. (mag). At 7:27 EaBt Rock,
off Remedlos Point, was abeam, bearing E. %
S. (magnetic), distance 2% miles. Deviation
of the compass on S S E was 2 deg. 40 min.
westerly.
At 8:13 altered course to B. % N. (mag.).
Deviation on this course was 4 degrees west
erly. At the same time I Increased the num
ber of revolutions to 60 per minute, which gave
the ship a speed of 10 knots per hour, and
which course should have taken the ship about
3% miles outside the port of La Libertad. At
about 10 o'clock p. m. I went on the bridge
and having reckoned the distance traveled and
taken into consideration the course I had given
the ship I came to tm conclusion that I waa
nearlng La Llbertad, which la an open road
stead.- In making this port I have always been
guided by a small flickering light at the end
of the pier. I called the attention of the sec
ond officer, J. W. Ramsey, to what appeared
to me to be the light of the port of La Libertad.
He looked with care and came to the conclusion
that It was the light of the port of La Llber
tad. The night was very dark, with heavy
rain clouds and smoke hanging over the land.
The sea was smooth, with heavy long south
erly swell.
Captain Cattarinich's testimony followed
closely the lines of the following state
ment made by him to the inspectors:
The unfortunate master v was the princi
pal witness. • The wreck occurred during
the watch of .the second -officer, but the
captain very manfully testified that he
himself was in actual charge of tbe ves
sel and took the responsibility upon his
own shoulders. He said:
"I had the second officer with me on the
bridge,, but I was In full charge."
Cattarinich's course in this respect was
so unusual that the inspectors found It
most refreshing 1 , and certainly will be. In
clined to soften their judgment a3 much
as possible under the circumstances.
Master Tells of Disaster. '
Tho wreck of the Pacific Mail steamship
San Bias off the coast of Salvador on tho
night of December 17 was a subject of of
ficial investigation by the 'United States
inspectors of hulls and boilers yesterday
afternoon. The evidence showed that tha
master of the vessel. Captain J. P. Catta
rinich, had failed to use the lead, hence
did not know until tha steamer struck
that an unusually strong current had
driven his vessel inshore. It is probable
that Cattarinich will lose, his license.
Failure to Use the Lead
the Cause of Wreck
of San Bias.
Compromise Effected by
Guardian of the Old
Man.
MASTER ADMITS
RESPONSIBILITY
JACQUES-O'HARE
CASE IS ENDED
FROM SEATTLE.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
, • The ship Edward Sewall" will carry coal from -
Sun rises . . ri ...... .'.i..:.. '. ..".... 7 :0D
Sun . sets ¦ .5:38
Moon rises :....:..... ... . .". 0:07 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition ! of the tides
the early morning tides are given 'in the left
hand * column I and '. the i successive 5 tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; tho
fourth tim«» column ' gives : the "last tide of . the
day except! when there are but, three tides, as
sometimes ¦ occurs. The heights given . are in
addition to .the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign ' precedes the height, ' and then i the : number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. -The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low, waters. Z$gglgfggaKB&t£c&m%£#
The steamship City of Puebla arrived
yesterday from Puget Sound with freight
and passengers. She reports having pass
ed at 2:30 p. m. on February 5, about
twenty miles northwest of^Cape Mendo,
cino, a . steam schooner towing a collieK
They were bound south; They j were too
far away for the. names to be distin
guished, but the collier was painter! a.
lead color. The collier Is supposed to be
the Austrian steamship Maria, which left
San Diego for the north about six ; days
ago and has evidently broken down
Sighted Disabled Collier.
Because Captain H. von RIegen of the
steamship Denderah refused the assist
ance of a towboat, which was offered him
for $25, -the Kosmos steamship line will
be called upon to pay the Harbor Com
mission something between $300 and $500
for. damage done to Fremont-street wharf
yesterday as the big liner pulled out for
sea. There was a strong tide/ running
The vessel cast off her moorings and was
under fairly good headway, when the tide
caught her and jammed her hard against
thefaolphin at the end of the wharf The
cluster of piles that formed the dolphin
snapped like pipestems. A dozen, other
piles followed suit and as the Denderah
tore herself away from San r Francisco
about twelve: feet of the -wharf tumbled
into the bay. The Denderah is bound for
Hamburg and carried. a large cargo.
Denderah Smashes Wharf,
Thursday, February 6.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 59 hours 40
minutes from Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr National City, Johnson, 15 hours from
°Stinr Arcata, Nelson, 75 houra from Coos
BcLV
Stmr W H Kruger, ; Krog, 45 hours from San
Pedro, via Redondo 41 hours. • .; ..
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 34 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nielson, 82 hours from San
Chll etmr Tucapel, i Moffett, 20 days from
Panama, via Mazatlan 5 days.
Br stmr Doric. Smith, 28 days 15 hours 3
minutes from Hongkong, : via Yokohama 16
days 18 hours 21 minutes, via Honolulu (i days
and 54 minutes. . > .
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen. 4% days from
Ladysmith. ,, '¦_ \ _
Jos L Evlston, Ramsellus, 3 days from Eu
"shlp M P Grace. Grant, 70 days from New
castle, NSW. . , . ' •• v - • - • • . •
Br ship Rahane, Scott, 68 days from New
castle, Aus. • , ,„'. . _ '
Schr Spokane, Alexander, 43 hours from San
Disco * ¦ ...
Schr North Bend, Jackson, 9 days from Wil
lapa. Harbor. CLEARED / '¦ , V
Thursday, February 6.
Simr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per-
Stmr Geo* W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Orego:
R Stmr d N a o n me N cTty C :°- Daniels, Seattle; E T
Kr"ss • " '¦ '•-¦'." '
1 Ger" strhr Denderah/ Von 'Releen, Hamburg
and way ports; J D Spreckel3 & Bros Co.
"¦ Bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, HUo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. . , ¦. „ _
Br bark King Alfred, Mitchell, Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
.. ' SAILED. ;';.;•.,.' '„<
Thursday, February 6.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, Tacoraa; ,/.'.;
Stmr Washtenaw. Parker, ! Tacoma.
Stmr Pleiades, Purrington; Seattle.
Stmr Navarro, ¦ Devitt, . ¦ '
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.-
Stmr Nome' City, Daniels, Seattle.
-'Stmr Melville Dillar, «Low, Grays Harbor.
-Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Rival. Olsen, Willapa ¦' Harbor." * -
' Ger stmr : Denderah, Von Riegen, Hamburg,
etc. 1 ¦'.¦¦ ¦ .•¦•'¦¦ •' , . ¦' _¦ ¦ '• "•'- '-
Br shin Craigerne, Loades, Queenstown.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, Hilo. -
Ital bark.Zilla, Sclaccaluga, Queenstown.
' Bktn Katie Fllckinser, Zeuthen, Everett. :
' " Schr John- F Miller,- Hansen, Coos Bay. .
Schr Archie and Fontle, Skipper, - — ¦-.
• RETURNED.. '
j. ,; ; ./. Thursday, February 6. )'¦¦'¦¦
Stmr Washtenaw, hence to-day for Tacoma,
returned'. to port with Br. ship: Rahane in tow.
\ , . .MISCELLANEOUS. ..
PORTLAND," Or, ' Feb G— Br stmr Indra'velll,'
which sailed*, from,: this .-port-- last' night for
China, and. Japan, returned this morning with
her cargo v on ' fire. -Vessel carried cargo of
7500 tons,' consisting of cotton, flour, and sheet
ing," valued at about -$400, 000. • ,lt Is thought
the fire can , be extinguished . without • serious
LONDON, j Feb 6— Br stmr ; Glenerarry, '. from
Tacoma^ Jan 13, for ¦ London, arrived at Kobe
damaged a ! good deal about docks. Must be
repaired to; enable her to proceed. - Vessel will
be delayed it is thought about 10 days. .-.'
.. V .SPOKEN. . . • i
Per Br ship Rahane— Jan 2,>'lat 23 S, Ion 127
W,~Fr bark, Due :d'Aumale, hence Nov 20,. for
QuwMtown. ; TE - LEGRAPH ; a ; .;:; v ¦ .
POINT- 'LOBOS, Feb 6, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SE... velocity.! 28 miles. "_, ¦ ;?•
•- . memorandum:. ; "
Per" stmr City, of ; Puebla,' from: Victoria 'and.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The British ship Rahane, which arrived
here 'yesterday from Newcastle, Austra
lia, narrowly escaped going ashore on
Duxbury Reef. Incidentally the Rahane's
extremity was the golden opportunity of
the steam collier^Washtenaw, which the
coal carrier improved to the tune of $1000
The Washtenaw left this port Tuesday
and was plugging, along up the coast
when she sighted the Rahane flying sig
nals of distress. Th& collier went within
hailing distance and found the Britisher
in dangerous proximity to the reef. The
wind -was light and the current setting
the sailing ship nearer and nearer to the
dangerous breakers. For $1000 the Wash
tenaw gave the Rahane a line turned
back to the Golden Gate and towed the
windjammer to a safe anchorage off An
gel'Island. The Washtenaw then re
sumed her voyage to the north. The Ra
hane was out sixty-nine days from New
castle. ...
Almost on Duxbury Reef.
Emlle Adet, Miss L. Brink, Mrs J. Brett
Mrs. E. W. Brown, Mrs. A. J. Coffee, Mrs
George Eckley, J. Gray, Miss L. Hunt Lieu
tenant W. McCreary (U. S. M. C.) Miss M. C.
Morrison, E. Rogers, E. Solly, Miss E P
Swartz, Dr. S. H. Walnrlght. Master Samuei
Wainright, Miss Elizabeth Wainright C. W.
Wrightson, Miss M. Allen, J. Brett/ E. w!
Brown, Lieutenant E. Charrington (R. N )'
George Eckley, Gulio Guaito, Mrs. J. Gray J
Liddell, Mrs. E. C. Miller, Surgeon O ' D
Norton (U. S. N.), H. Sanger, Paymaster H*
JR. Sullivan (U. S. N.), J. Tevis, Mrs. S. H
Wainright, Master Todd Wainright D H
Ward, Mrs. C. W. Wrlghtson.
The Doric's cabin passengers were:
She certainly did raise the deuce, but they
ain't broke. They've got a home up on the
hill and they're livin' lavish.
The Occidental and Oriental steamship
Doric arrived yesterday from the Orient.
She brought thirty-four cabin passengers
and a valuable cargo. She had of treas
ure about $30,000 and $700,000 worth of silk.
Among the second class passengers were
a number of United States marines, who
have been in the hospital at Yokohama.
The marines appear to have passed the
period of their convalescence in keeping
tab on Captain -Strong and May Yohe.
The result of their observations was sum
med tip by a corporal with conciseness
and completeness. He said:
Doric Arrives From Orient.
The steamer Denderah, which sailed yester
day for Hamburg and way ports, carried cargo
from this port for Mexico, : Central and South
America valued at $35j960, manifested as fol
lows: For Mexico, $9321; Central America, $20, -
153; Ecuador. $5241; Peru, .$1215. The cargo
included the following: .
For Mexico — 1000 cs dynamite, 33 cs caps
and fuse, 158 bbls flour. 25 cs coal oil, 5 bales
dry goods, 7 pkgB groceries and provisions. 17
cs potatoes ! and onions, 200 lbs beans, 480
lbs raisins 2 cs canned salmon, 310 gals wine,
4 pkgs paste, 482 lbs breads 121 pkgs machin
ery " - * ~ ! -
F'or Central America — 600 bbls flour, 32,800
lbs rice, 21 pkgs bottled beer, 25 cs coal oil,
25 cs potatoes, 720 lbs codflsh. G500 lbs corn,
733 pkgs bridge material, 2000 casks cement.
To Ecuador— 1-188 bbls flour, 20 cs whisky, 30
cs canned fish, 24 cs canned salmon, 312 gals
wine, 244 lbs tea. —
For Peru — 241 bbls flour. 400 ctls wheat.
The Denderah's Cargo.
The British bark. King Alfred was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders, with 11,
250 ctls wheat, valued at $12,235, and 32.304 cti 8
barley, valued at $28,320. The vessel carried
15,000 feet of lumber as dunnage. , valued at
$225.
A Cargo of Grain.
Oyster Harbor to Honolulu and load sugar
there for . Delaware Breakwater for orders,
$6 75; 60c extra to Philadelphia.
t Tho French bark Jules Verne Is chartered
prior to arrival for wheat at this port for Eu
rope. 30s (ten lay days).
The shlp.Rencc-is chartered prior to arrival
for lumber on 1 Puget Sound' for Sydney,* 28s 0d;
option of Melbourne.- 46s 3d,- or Burrard In
let. Is 3d extra. .-
Evelyn Garden, James F. Hathaway, Bertha
Hathaway, Albion S. McMillan, Edward H.
Brindley, Samuel B. Wigglni, diaries H.
White, Louise Charogo, Carlos Foller, Julius
Peters, Josota M. de Ezeta, Concepclon Ezeta.
Samuel P. /Andrews" Hilario Polk, Hllarlo
Polk Jr.. Minerva Polk, Louis Polk.
THE steamship Tucapel of the"
Companla Sud Americana de Va
pores arrived yesterday from Pa
nama with a big cargo and a
number of passengers. The Tu
capel left Panama just three weeks ago.
Thinga were getting pretty lively at the
isthmus about that time and preparations
were In full swins for the «aval battle
that took place a week later. As a re
sult of these preparations the Tucapel
made the trip here with a very scant
crew, Captain Moffett having been an in
voluntary contributor of a dozen men to
the fighting forces of the Colombian Gov
ernment While in Panama Captain Mof
fett had trouble with some of his crew,
who. oblected to make the trip to San
Francisco, although their term of service
called for in the articles they had signed
had not expired. Some of "the disaffected
were mollified by an increase in pay, but
six sailors and half a dozen firemen ab
solutely refused duty. Captain Moffett
appealed to the authorities, who express
ed themselves as only too delighted to
aid the steamship company. They took
charge of the recalcitrant sailormen and
locked them up in the Government prison.
"We will hold" them until youare ready
for sea," they told the skipper.
Meanwhile the Colombian Government
had seized, the steamship, Lautaro, of
the same company as the Tucapel, and
added her to the navy. Being short of
sailors for the Lautaro, the Government
borrowed the twelve Tucapel men. ' The
Tucapel was forced to sail short handed.
The twelve remained behind and some of
them probably went down with the Lau
taro when she was sunk in the naval
fight of January 20. When the Tucapel
sailed the Colombian Government had
agreed to pay the Compania Sud Ameri
cana $400,000 for the Lautaro. ;
The Tucapel brought cabin passengers'
as follows:
7
o Time . .Time
Tlmep Time .
0 ; L, \W H W
7~ *4Tl4 2.8 10:21
: H W L-W
8 0:0a 4.7 4:55
0 0:36 -4.8 6:39
10 1:07 4.9 6:22
11 1:37 5.0 7:12
12 2:09 5.0 8:10
1.1 2:45 5.1 9:06
U 3:29 5.1 10:17
Ft.
•5.3
2.6
2.3
2.1
1.9
1.6
1.4
1.2
Ft.. Ft
LW H W
6:01 —0.1 ;.... ~™
H W • X, W
10:53 5.2 5:37 0.1
11:41 5.1 6:13 0.4
12:19 6.0 6:40 0.7
1:10 4.7 7:30 1.3
2:15 4.4 8:12 1.7
3:25 4.1 0:00 2.1
4:51 3.8 0:53 2.5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo. ...:.... Coquille River Feb. 7
C. Nelson.... Portland & Astoria. .... F?S. 7
Acapulco. ... Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 7
Prosreso Seattle Feb. 7
Alliance..... Portland & "Way Ports. Feb. 8
Crescent City Crescent City Feb. 8
Czarina. Seattle & Tacoma Feb. S
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Feb.' 8
Phoenix Mendocino City Feb. 8
Bonlta Newport & "Way Ports. Feb. 8
Lakme Portland * ' Astoria .... Feb. 8
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Feb. 9
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul.... Feb. 9
Sequoia Grays Hiirbbr Feb. 9
State of Cal.. San Die?;o & "Way Ports Feb. 9
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 0
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 10
Eureka Humboldt ;.. Feb. 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports Feb. 11
Alameda.' .... Honolulu Feb. 11
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & "Way Ports Feb. 12
Spokane San Diego & "Way Ports. Fi*. 13
Pt. Arena Point Arena . . ......... Feb 13
North Fork. . Humboldt Feb. 13
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 13
Guatemala... Valparaiso & "Way Ports Feb. 13
Zealandia .... Tahiti Feb. 11
G. "W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Feb. 14
Nippon Maru China & Japan Feb. IS
Luxor Hamburg & West Coast Feb. 15
Rainier...... Seattle & N. Whatcom. Feb. 15
Chehalis San Pedro. .... .»"!.¦....-. F»b 15
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports..... Feb" 16
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb 17
San Juan .... Panama & Way Ports.. Feb" 18
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
North Fork.
Arcata.....
Mandalay. .
Coos Bay...
G. Elder....
Leelanaw..
China
Curacao..'..
/.- ¦
G. Dollar. . .
Argo.......
Sierra......
C. Nelson:.
Eureka.. ...
Pt. Arena..
City Sydney
Spokane....
¦ ¦ . . ¦- . I
Phoenix.
Tucapel... •
City Puebla
Lakme
February 7.
Humboldt 0 am
Coos B. & Pt. Orf d 12 m
Coquille River 5 pm
San Pedro & Way. 0 am
Astoria & Portland. 11 am
N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm
China &' Japan.... 1 pm
Mexican Ports '. . . . 10 am
n February 8.
Grays Harbor ..... S pm
CcKjuIlle River .... 4 pm
Sydney & "Way Pts. 7 pm
Los Angeles ; Ports. 9 am
Humboldt Oam
Point Arena ...... 2 pm
Panama & Way.... 12 m
February 9.
San Diego & Way. . 0 am
February 1O.
Mendocino City .... 3 pm
Valparaiso & Way. 12 m
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
Astoria & Portland. ......
February 11.
Portland & Coos B. 10 am
Humboldt 1 :30 pj
Grays Harbor ..... ....... |
Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am
Humboldt *. . . 10 am
Newport & Way... 8 am
February 12.
San Diego & Way. . 0 am
Astoria & Portland 11 am
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm
February 15.'< .*--- -
China & Japan . 1 pm
Honolulu '..:... Wi. '2 pm
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
Grays : Harbor. 5 pm
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 27
PMS3
Pier U
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
PMS3
Pier li
Pier 13
Pier 10
Pier y
Pier 2
Alliance....
Pomona. ; . .
G. Llndaner
Santa Ana.
S. Monica. .
Bonita.....
Pier 18
Pier 9
Pier —
Pier . 2
Pier - 2
Pier 11
State Cal. .
Columbia.". .
Sequoia..-.
Pier li
Pier 2i
Pier 2
Doric......
Alameda. . .
Queen ¦
Chehalls...
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 0
Pier 2
tJteamer.
'or.
Sails.
Bertha...... 1 .
Dolphin......
Nome City...
Cottage City..
Farallon.". ...
E. Thompson
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. .7
Skagway &-Way Ports. Feb. 10
Valdez & Way Ports... Feb. 1 10
Skagway &'. "Way ; Ports. Feb. 11
Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 14
Cooks Inlet &, Way Pts. Feb. 13
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
North Fork.
Arcata.....
Mandalay. .
Coos Bay...
G. Elder....
Leelanaw..
China
Curacao..'..
/.- ¦
G. Dollar. . .
Argo.......
Sierra......
C. Nelson:.
Eureka.. ...
Pt. Arena..
City Sydney
Spokane....
¦ ¦ . . ¦- . I
Phoenix.
Tucapel... •
City Puebla
Lakme
February 7.
Humboldt 0 am
Coos B. & Pt. Orf d 12 m
Coquille River 5 pm
San Pedro & Way. 0 am
Astoria & Portland. 11 am
N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm
China &' Japan.... 1 pm
Mexican Ports '. . . . 10 am
n February 8.
Grays Harbor ..... S pm
CcKjuIlle River .... 4 pm
Sydney & "Way Pts. 7 pm
Los Angeles ; Ports. 9 am
Humboldt Oam
Point Arena ...... 2 pm
Panama & Way.... 12 m
February 9.
San Diego & Way. . 0 am
February 1O.
Mendocino City .... 3 pm
Valparaiso & Way. 12 m
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
Astoria & Portland. ......
February 11.
Portland & Coos B. 10 am
Humboldt 1 :30 pj
Grays Harbor ..... ....... |
Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am
Humboldt *. . . 10 am
Newport & Way... 8 am
February 12.
San Diego & Way. . 0 am
Astoria & Portland 11 am
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm
February 15.'< .*--- -
China & Japan . 1 pm
Honolulu '..:... Wi. '2 pm
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
Grays : Harbor. 5 pm
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 27
PMS3
Pier U
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
PMS3
Pier li
Pier 13
Pier 10
Pier y
Pier 2
Alliance....
Pomona. ; . .
G. Llndaner
Santa Ana.
S. Monica. .
Bonita.....
Pier 18
Pier 9
Pier —
Pier . 2
Pier - 2
Pier 11
State Cal. .
Columbia.". .
Sequoia..-.
Pier li
Pier 2i
Pier 2
Doric......
Alameda. . .
Queen ¦
Chehalls...
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 0
Pier 2
tJteamer.
'or.
Sails.
Bertha...... 1 .
Dolphin......
Nome City...
Cottage City..
Farallon.". ...
E. Thompson
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. .7
Skagway &-Way Ports. Feb. 10
Valdez & Way Ports... Feb. 1 10
Skagway &'. "Way ; Ports. Feb. 11
Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 14
Cooks Inlet &, Way Pts. Feb. 13
o Time . .Time
Tlmep Time .
0 ; L, \W H W
7~ *4Tl4 2.8 10:21
: H W L-W
8 0:0a 4.7 4:55
0 0:36 -4.8 6:39
10 1:07 4.9 6:22
11 1:37 5.0 7:12
12 2:09 5.0 8:10
1.1 2:45 5.1 9:06
U 3:29 5.1 10:17
Ft.
•5.3
2.6
2.3
2.1
1.9
1.6
1.4
1.2
Ft.. Ft
LW H W
6:01 —0.1 ;.... ~™
H W • X, W
10:53 5.2 5:37 0.1
11:41 5.1 6:13 0.4
12:19 6.0 6:40 0.7
1:10 4.7 7:30 1.3
2:15 4.4 8:12 1.7
3:25 4.1 0:00 2.1
4:51 3.8 0:53 2.5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo. ...:.... Coquille River Feb. 7
C. Nelson.... Portland & Astoria. .... F?S. 7
Acapulco. ... Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 7
Prosreso Seattle Feb. 7
Alliance..... Portland & "Way Ports. Feb. 8
Crescent City Crescent City Feb. 8
Czarina. Seattle & Tacoma Feb. S
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Feb.' 8
Phoenix Mendocino City Feb. 8
Bonlta Newport & "Way Ports. Feb. 8
Lakme Portland * ' Astoria .... Feb. 8
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Feb. 9
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul.... Feb. 9
Sequoia Grays Hiirbbr Feb. 9
State of Cal.. San Die?;o & "Way Ports Feb. 9
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 0
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 10
Eureka Humboldt ;.. Feb. 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports Feb. 11
Alameda.' .... Honolulu Feb. 11
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & "Way Ports Feb. 12
Spokane San Diego & "Way Ports. Fi*. 13
Pt. Arena Point Arena . . ......... Feb 13
North Fork. . Humboldt Feb. 13
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 13
Guatemala... Valparaiso & "Way Ports Feb. 13
Zealandia .... Tahiti Feb. 11
G. "W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Feb. 14
Nippon Maru China & Japan Feb. IS
Luxor Hamburg & West Coast Feb. 15
Rainier...... Seattle & N. Whatcom. Feb. 15
Chehalis San Pedro. .... .»"!.¦....-. F»b 15
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports..... Feb" 16
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb 17
San Juan .... Panama & Way Ports.. Feb" 18
NTTW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN ALL WALKS OF LIFE.
Herpicide Is TJssd to Cure Dandruff.
E. H. Lyons, New York, N. T., says:
"I am very fond of .Herpicide and enjoy
using it. It is refreshing."
Dr. J. H.. Bush, Toledo, Ohio, -writes:
"Newbro's Herpicide has "given better sat-
isfaction than anything: I have ever used."
Mrs. Borkey of Chadron, Neb., says of
Herpicide:
"It cleaned my head of dandruff: and
stopped nay hair from falling 1 out. - It is
the best remedy for dandruff I ever used,
and I have used a great many." . ,
R. S. Coleman, Ann Arbor, Mich., says: I
"I have used two bottles of Herpicide
and derived benefit therefrom."
MUNYON'S INHALER
JP^\'*S^> Colds, Coughs,
Influenza, Bron-
chitis, . Asthma .
iiliJMi? iP and ali Diseases
vmW^\ Wf of tho Throat
is j^Jr and Lungs.,
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are Inhaled through'
the month and emitted from the nostril*, deans-
ing and ! vaporJzine all the inflamed and diseased
parts which cannot be reached by medicine taken
Into the stomach. . , i ,
It reach** the sore, mots-heals the raw places
—goes to theseatof dfxease-acts as aoalm and
tonic to the whole. tyntenx~9l.00 atdryvgxsts or
tvtnaU. }.fiim>ni>. New York and PhiladelpMa
• AOTSEMEBrTS.
GRAND OPENING
JUYESILE FAIRYLAND CAMIYAL,
AT
MECHANICS' PAVILION,;
SATUHDAT EVENING, FEB. 8TH, IP, M."
ALLEGORICAL ELECTRICAL BALLET.
150 Children in Gorgeous Costumes. ' I
PACIFIC CAT, CLUB'S SPLENDID ARRAY
OF PRIZE FELINES.
BENNETTS BIG MILITARY BAND.
BEAUTIFUL EXHIBITS AND BOOTHS.
And 60 Other Great Attractions. r : '".v
THE ONE BIG ENTERTAINMENT OF 'THE
YEAR. '
Six Admission Transferable Tickets, $1; Sin-
gle Admission, 25c; Children, 10c. ;•'„ , .'
Ticket Sale Now Open at • Sherman, - Clay &
Co.'e, 'The Emporium, : ""¦¦-,: "-¦•¦"¦".
THE PAVILION ' "• - - . .
¦¦ ¦* * " . And Other Places..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WhatShaUWe
Have for Dessert?
This question arises in the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
a delicious and healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two**minutes. No boiling! no
baking! .add boiling water, and set to
cool. Flavors: — Lemon, Orange, Rasp- -
berry, and Strawberry. Get a package)
at your grocers to-day. locts.
This signature is on every box oi tho genaina
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
iht remedy that cures a cold la «a« daa
A" M TTTTB'M TtN ' J ' H -
*T!VOLi*
EVKXHfOS AT ¦ EHARPt
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 EHARPt
THE
AMEER!
•THE TOWN IS CTJOCKING TO SEB HIM*"
Next Opera-"THE SERENADE"
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, Mo and TS«»
Telephone — Bush 8. ;%*/,-
Theater TboreHtgfaly Heated With Steam.
LAST THREB NIGHTS. ' ¦ '
MATUCEE TCVMORROW AND SUNDAT.
Tfee Powerful end Thrilling Melodrama,
Master and Man.
A Resi&rkabU Play TTlth a
Wonderful Romance.
PRICES— EywjIbss, XOc, 15c, 60c Matlaws,
XOc. 15c, S5c
*fext Monflar — "¦*. YOTTSTG WIFE."
okL <*? %J 0 A T E? e& YJk v
Belasco & TbaJI............... Manasers
LAST THF.EE NIGHTS. '
The Danites
"A ""Romance of California.*'
The Representative Weetern Drama. •
California In the Stirrins Days oi 1S49.
Beautiful Scenes of the Sierras.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AJCD SUNDAY.
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c. 60c and 75c
Nesrt Monday— •THE ROGUE'S COMEDY."
.A VAUDEVILLE]WH1RLWIND!
Winchermann's Bears; Adelina Koat-
tino; Eeichens' Hand-Balancing
Dogs; Victor Jerome, ILottie Fre-
mont and Harry "W. "Welch and
The Biograph. Last times of Sa-
bel; Jordan and Crouch; the Da
Coma Family, and the GREAT
CYCLE WHIBX.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balccny. 10c; Box
Feats and Opera Chairs, 50c
MATIXEES TO-MORROW AND SC2CDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OP
EDWIN ARDEN
In Sir Charles Toungr's Celebrated Drama,
"Jim tba Penman."
• One of the Etronsest Plays Ever Written. '
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c.
• Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Next Week— EDWIN ARDEN in "RAGLAN'S
WAY."
#*£!! II1U3QBA swi fpascsco's
UULUfiilailH Lft&INQTKEM
Seats for the Entire Enf^gement Now Ready.
EVERY NIGHT, (Except Sunday).
MATINEE SATURDAY.
And Company, Presenting Larimer Stoddard's
Dramatization of F. Marion Crawford s
Historical Novel,
"In the Palace of the King."
NEXT WEEK— Final Perfonnances./'
Curtain Rises Ev*gs at "8:15 Sharp— Mat. '2:15.
AN ARTISTIC TRIUMPH-
LAST TWO NIGHTS. MATINEE SATURDAY,
The Event of the Theatrical Year.
JAMES K- HACKETT'S Great Romantic Suc-
cess,
The Pride of Jennico
Oristaal Scenery and Costumes.
Powerful Cast. : ' '•¦> '
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
CHARLES DALTON
"THE SIGNof THE CROSS."
(SEATS READY.)
§§1^^ RACING
*¦¦ J* Every WeekDay-
%3r Rain op Shins.
ISJ£W CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. eharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2,. 2:30 and 2 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping: at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved tor'
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at . Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. I These electric
care so direct to the track in fifteen minutes. -.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHAS. F. PRICE, Secy, and Mgr.
CHUTES AND^OO . B S7. i Ssr
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
GRAND PRIZE 'CAKEWALK.
Commencing SUNDAY,
THE GREAT ST- LEON FAMILY.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one Eide of these magnificent - •
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail etores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of tho
«3ty— depots, ferries and parks—
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
WeeHy Can $L00 ser Year
"'___ ' ' :¦-'. .ADVERTISEMENTS.- . . •
JwWw% BEST FOR THE BOWELS
j 1 \_ CATHARTIC
GUARANTEED CURB for all bowel troubles, sppenSlcitis, biliousness, bad breath, bad
blood, wind on the stomach, bloated bowels, foul mouth, headache, indigestion, pimples,
- pains after eating, liver trouble, sallow complexion and dizziness, When your bowels
don't move regularly you are sick. Constipation kills more people than all other disease*
together. It is a starter for the chronic ailments and long years of suffering that coma
afterwards. No matter what ails you, start taking CASCARETS today, for yon will never
get well and be well all the time until you pat your bowels right. Take) our advice, start
with Cascarets today under an absolute guarantee to cure or money refunded. Sample
and booklet free. Address Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or Naw York. 50a rMrf*E. Messager, 145 Post st., left yes
terday for the Eastern markets for ex
clusive spring, styles. . ¦ . . •
Fred Simmons, 20 years of age, was ar
rested in a front room of a house at the
corner of Larkin street and Ash avenue
yesterday afternoon . for 'i disturbing 3 the
His Antics Disturbed the Peace.
peacs. His antics had attracted a crowd
in the street. A dirk knife", the blade of
which was- eight inches long, was found
on him, and a charge of -carrying a con
cealed, weapon was also placed against
him/ "1, ¦¦¦> ¦ • . . •
There were present at the meeting
George Stone (chairman), M. R. Higgins,
A copy of the proposed certificate which
will be given to each subscriber to the
memorial was shown the committee.
the Mayor and his committee. •
The cost of the. memorial which is to
be erected in Canton is estimated at $150,
000, while $200,000 will be required as a
fund for the perpetual maintenance of the
memorial.
J.-S. Spear Jr., R. Herold, T. B. Morton,
Rev. Dr. Rader, Rev. Dr. Nieto, Maxwell
McNutt and J. Steppacher, the secre
tary.
Catherine Row, who was knocked down
by a Folsmo-street car on February S, died
at her late home, 103 Russ street, yester
day afternoon. William Mitchell. the
motorman of the car, surrendered himself
to the police directly upon hearing of the>
woman's death.
Catherine Bow Dies From Injuries.
William 'Rumbold, a boy aged 13 years,
residing at 2555 Van Ness avenue, re
ceived serious "injuries yesterday forenoon
by being dragged under a Hyde-street
car. The boy tried to change from the
front to the rear of the car while It was
in motion and was thrown- and dragged
a distance of half a block before the car
could be stopped. He was taken to the
General Emergency Hospital, where Dr
Millar treated his injuries, which consist
of a lacerated wound of the scalp, a frac
ture of the arm and bruises on the head
and body.
Boy Dragged by a Car.
-.-¦?.'..-¦. - '.••.' ¦¦:,.<¦ ' " ' - ' ¦ - - ¦
A FEW OF THE ARTISTS WHO APPEARED IN SPECIALTIES AT THE THEATRICAL MECHANICS' BENEF|T
AT THE ORPHEUM YESTERDAY AND A PRACTICAL ILLUSTRATION OF THE DUTIES' OF THE MEN
BEHIND THE SCENES. . . '
Pasmore Benefit Concert.
The fourth Pasmore/eoncert, that is lo
be plvcn in aid of the Protestant Epis
copal Old Ladies' Home, -will take place
Lo-Olcht in the maple room. Palace Hotel,
at Those who' will lend their kindly
Hid to this excellent association are: Miss
Houlah lleorge, Mrs. F. \V. Gardner. Mrs.
E. S. nasford. Misses Mary. Susan «uid
Porothy Pasmor?, A. E. Nowlan. 11. H.
Pasrnore, E. M. Heeht and Fred Mauror
Jr. The following programme has been
arranged:
Hungarian dances Brahms
Merv. Pusan and I>orothy Pasmore
••I-o, Hear the tlentle Lark" Bishop
Mire Iltulah Georr* 1 .
,., ; Flute ohllrato by Ellas M. Hecht.
Violin eolo. 'Romanta Andalusia" Sarasate
Mar}' Pmtnorc.
Trio. («) ••Serenade," (b) "Moment Musl
... U ?, ry - , p u«*n and" Do'rothV ' Pasmore." 1 * 1 *
In a IVreian Garden" Lira Lehmann
"W. P. Morgan of the Merlden Britannia
Company, 131 Sutter street, has been
lying at his home, 2311 Clay street. In a
dangerous condition for the last eleven
weeks as a result of serious heart trou
bles. Mr. Morgan's Illness is so serious
that his physicians entertain grave fears
for hia recovery.
Suffering From Heart Trouble.
Especially dry without heaviness, deli
rate, and breedy, is G. H. MUMM'S EX
TRA DRV now-coming to market. Im
portations 120.359 cases in 1901— nearly 60,-
O00 mere than any other brand. •
A Fine Champagne.
It was decided that the collecting of
subscriptions so far as the city is con
cerned and the method of obtaining them
shall be left entirely to the discretion of
Dr. Rader wished to know if there was
a limit to the time when collections
should all be in and Stone replied that
there was no time specified, but the
longer it was deferred the less would be
the Interest.
Answering Dr. Rader the chairman said
that the State was asked to raise $20,000.
Dr. Rader and Dr. Nieto explained their
credentials, and Mr. Stone pointed out
that the plan his committee had in mind
was the general one of furnishing circu
lars, printing and similar matter to the
auxiliary committees throughout tho
State over which his committee, the
bran<?li of the national association, would
have control. ¦
George Stone, the chairman of the
branch of thu National Memorial Asso
ciation, informed the sub-committee that
it did not desire to interfere with the
Mayor and citizens'* plans for raising sub
scriptions. It was prepared to render all
the assistance injfs power to the local
gentlemen who vtWf taking so keen an
interest in the realization of tho memo
rial. - ¦ ,<WSre»3*>
Mayor Schmitz and His Appointees
Will Now Collect Funds for
National Association.
The committee of the California branch
of the McKlnley National Memorial As
sociation met last evening at the Claus
Spreckels building and received the Rev.
Dr. Rader, the Rev. Dr. Nieto and Max
well McNutt, the sub-committee appoint
ed from the city committee by Mayor
Schmitz, to ascertain what plans had
been devised for collecting funds for the
memorial.
Floor — John M. .Glennan, floor manager;
Maurice J. Whalen, assistant; A. J. Sullivan.
Edward C. Miles, William J. Riley. A. C.
du Fosse, William CVBrien. Ed J. Sweeney.
Receptlon-rCharlea - M. O'Brien, Louie F.
Guedet, John.S. Guerin, John Creedon, Charles
F. Healey and P. J. Driscoll.
Arrangements— John T. . Keegan. John A.
Dunleavy, Thomas J. Moroney, John M. Glen
nan, Albert E. Hennessey, Maurice J. Whalen.
John A. Roach, William L. Sullivan, Arthur
J. Sullivan. '
Despite the showers last night nearly
700 .ladies and gentlemen were present In
Native Sons'- Hall to attend the fifteenth
anniversary ball given by Golden Gate
Council of the Young Men's Institute. The
decorations were of white and gold. The
grand march, in which about 300 couples
took part, was led by President Thomas
J. Moroney and Floor Manager John XL.
Glennan and Miss Josie Keating. There
was a programme of fifteen dances to the
music set to the latest popular airs. This
very delightful function was under the di
rection of the following named commit
tees:
Institute.
of ; the Young , Men's
Grand Ball Is Given by the Members
Superintendent Webster filed the report
of his investigation In the complaint of
John UaRgio against Principal M. K
l>lanchard with the Board of Education
yesterday. Director Denman refused to
tnnkc the document public until the board
had discussed It in executive session. It
is known, however, that Webster finds
that Blanchnrd inflicted severe punish
ment on the boy. Raggio, and recom
monos thnt the principal be accorded a
trial by the board as the charter pro
vides.
Director Woodward opposed the propo
sition tfl have half-day (sessions lor pupils
and urged that the school building ad
joining the Protestant Orphan Asylum
be rented for the outside classes. Ron
covieri stated that protests had been filed
against renting the building for sectarian
and other reasons and Mayor Schmitz
h:id advised caution. Woodward also op
posed paying the teachers in full for half
a day's work, but was overruled by his
colicap-ues, he alone voting no.
Thy Board of Public Works was re
quosicd to prepare and submit plans and
specifications for the addition of six
rooms to the Hearst School building.
The board was served with a court writ
restraining It from hearing charges
opainft Miss M. C. MeKinney. and the
trial was postponed until the writ is
passed upon.
It was also resolved that immediate ac
tion be taken to fumigate and alter the
building from the present six classrooms
to a lour-class room . building, and to
thoroughly remodel the sanitary condition
to conform to the plans of the Health
Hoard.
The Board of Education met yesterday
and adopted a resolution providing that
the classrooms used for the Hearst
School, located at Steiner and Hermann
streets, be discontinued and that the pu
pils thereof be transferred to the main
building of said school, and that princi
pals be Instructed to arrange halfr-day
s<.'f>=ions so as to accommodate the pupils
so transferred.
Continuing-, the operation of the present
exclusion act and the difficulties la the
way of its rigid enforcement are dis
cussed. The classes profiting by Chinese
Immigration are given as uie transporta
tion companies, warehousemen and cus
toms brokers, real estate dealers, inter
preters and lawyers with Chinese clients.
The statement concludes as follows:
In*view of the foregoing facts the Bulldin?
Trades Council again desires to place itself
upon record with reference to this question.
We believe that it is a question which affects
the welfare of every man. woman and child
in this country, and moreover in the State o£
California: and to that end no better expres
sion of public sentiment could be had than to
have the press, through a system of voting,
give every citizen an opportunity to- record his
opposition to Chinese immigration and his sup
port to the passage of the exclusion act.
Classes Opposing Exclusion-
The Building Trades Council has placed
itself on record against the resolution*
on the question of Chinese exclusion now
under consideration by tne Chamber of
Commerce and the Merchants' Exchange.
A Statement, offered by Secretary Tveit
moe, was unanimously adopted last night.
The statement Is introduced as follows:
The prints of to-day contain reports of ac
tions taken by the Chamber of Commerce and
the Merchants' Exchange with reference to the
all-Important question^ of Chinese exclusion
now before Congress. This calls to mind the
action of the Chinese Consul General in call
ing a meeting at the rooms of the Chamber
of Commerce some eighteen months ago, which
action at that time was regarded by the Build
ing Trades Council as the beginning of a cam
paign for the repeal of the exclusion act. Re
cent events prove the correctness of that
theory. The movement had been on foot ior
some time, but had only appeared through tha
public utterances of Minister Wu Ting Fang
in Washington and Consul General Ho Tow in
this city wherein the gentlemen never lost an
opportunity to state that while we desired tha
"open door" and, the advantage which tne Chi
nese trade offered we are unwilling to accord
Chinese subjects the same rights and favors
that the subjects of other nations enjoy. The
present movement is stimulated, no dontjt,
through the rigid enforcement of the exclusion
act by the officials of the Chinese Bureau in
this city, and by such obedience to the law tha
immigration of undesirable coolie labor under
the guise of merchants, tradesmen, first vis
itors, etc., has been somewhat prevented.
Edwin Arden, supported by the mem
bers of the Grand Opera-house stock com
pany, produced an act of "Jim the Pen
man," and the audience was duly appre
ciative. Alf Holt came in from the Chutes
to whistle his way intd favor.
Three clever members of the ' Alcazar
stock company produced for the first time
a one-act play entitled "Goin' Home.
The story is that of a girl who has left her
country home and fell a victim to the temp
tations of a big city and is visited by her
aged parent. Miss Eva Dennlson played
the part of the erring daughter and Frank
Bacon enacted the role of the father.
Paul Gerson filled in as a. servant. The
play is full of pathos and quaint humor.
Ferris Hartman and the male members
of the Tlvoli gave the audience a taste of
the good things to be seen and heard In
"The Ameer." The biograph views closed
a successful entertainment.
GOLDEN GATE COUNCIL'S
FIFTEENTH ANNIVERSARY
now appearing at the Orpheum, sang a
number of popular songs, and then tne
Alcazar stock company followed with the
second act from Joaquin Miller 3 poetic
story of the days of '4&-"The Danites.
The audience laughed at the awkward
movements of the miners and, wept for
poor little Billy Piper,- cleverly portrayed
by Miss Marion Convere. Josephine Sapel
was next in line, and "the little lady with
the big voice" scored a. decided nit wit n
her songs and imitations. Her ability to
get her audience to whistle was severely
tested, as the theater was crowded with
the fair sex. The ladies, however, puck
ered to accommodate. the- clever soubrette.
McKINLEY MEMORIAL
IN HANDS OF COMMITTEE
In their name I again thank you sincerely
and bid you welcome here. I assure you they
appreciate your kindness.
Adelia Roattino, a prima donna soprano
I have been requested by the Theatrical Me
chanics' Association, of which I have the honor
of being? an honorary member, to .welcome you
here this afternoon and thank you for the sup
port that you, have given them by your attend
ance.
Thete men who work behind the scenes are
seldom seen by the majority of the public. They
have done a great 'deal of good in a charitable
way and are striving to continue to do so.
Their three cardinal principles are charity, be
nevolence and fidelity. The objects of the order
are to visit the sick and the distressed, extend
the helping hand of charity to all unfortunate
brothers and to bury the dead.
MIRTH and comedy, drama< and
music were enjoyed by theater
goers who attended the benefit
Klven,yesterday afternoon at the
Orpheum In aid of San Francis
co Lodge No. 21 of the Theatrical Mechan
ics* Association, a^ organization com
posed of the "men behind the scenes."
An act from "The Pride of Jennlco."
now being- 'produced at the California
Theater, fittingly opened the excellent
programme. The play is full of dramatic
spirit, and the climax of the fourth act.
when Jennico fills the stage with dead
with the aid of dagger and sword, was re
ceived ¦with enthusiasm. .
Mayor Schmitz followed. When the ap
plause had ceased he spoke In part as fol
lows: :
the Main Building.
Pending Alterations Pupils
Will Be Accommodated in
Rigid Exclusion of Chinese
Would Best Serve Pub
lic Interests.
Building Trades Council
Condemns Merchants'
Proposals.
People Now Appearing at
Local Playhouses Help
a Worthy Organization
Board of Education to
Act on Health Board's
Suggestions.
Benefit at the Orpheum
Enriches the Theatrical
Mechanics' Association
WILL REMODEL
HEARST SCHOOL
LABOR SUGGESTS
VOTE OF PEOPLE
ARTISTS GIVE THEIR AID IN FURTHERANCE OF CHARITIES
MAINTAINED BY THE MEN WHO WORK BEHIND THE SCENES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, ' 1902.
8
DIED.
STAFFORD — William Stafford, beloved hus-
band cf Jane Stafford, and father of Nicho-
las Stafford. John Stafford and .Annie Staf-
ford, aged 50 years and T months.
B f * " * * T ' • • « ¦ * » « » « ¦ ¦ " " "*'***' ' MnMi """ 1 ....... t ¦»¦¦!.. a
| j One day an old friend said; "Are you troubled with dyspepsia?" } j
| ! I said: "Yes, and I don't -ever expect to be cured." He told me to I
| I go across the street and get a box, of Ripans Tabules, After using | j
I I Hipans Tabules for three weeks I was satisfied I had at last found the I s
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦E111B.MMMHMH1MMMBM^ \ g
,-;- ¦ •. . -. ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦nimiiiminnm l | l|B|||1|1|lliiIIB "Excelsior Lodge No. 16C, F. and A. M. ; Ivy
Chapter No. 27, O. E. *S. ; California Chapter
No. 5, R. A. M. ; California Council No. 2, R.
end S. M. ; Golden Gate Commandery No. Hi,
K. T. ; San Francisco Consistory No. 1, A. and
A. S. R. : Islam Temple, A. A. O. N. M. S. ;
Stanford Parlor No. 70,, N. S. G. W.; San
Francisco Lodge No. 3, B. P. O. E.; San Fran
cisco Club. . ¦• -' -' • • ".'
* ' • V • ' . '
The groom Is a son of the late John C.
Bauer of the Bauer-Schweitzer Hop and
Malt Company, and is himself interested
in this firm. Mr. Bauer is a very popu
lar man and Is connected with the follow
ing organizations: :
friends,, and will return in about three
weeks and will I probably reside at the
Occidental. ! ' V
The • bride is a charming girl and of
good family. She has traveled extensive
ly with her father and mother and has
received- a European as well as American
education. »
HONOLULU -BELLE AND THE MAN TO WHOM SHE IS ENGAGED AND
A YOUNG COUPLE OF THIS CITY WHO WERE JOINED IN WED
LOCK YESTERDAY. ; - '<-,- ;
and Christopher J. Bauer. At 8:30
o'clock the church was filled with hand
somely gowned "people eagerly awaiting
the bridal party. The church was elab
orately decorated for the occasion. Rev.
"W. IL Reilly performed the ceremony.
The bride wore white embroidered chiffon
over peau de sole. Many narrow ruffles of
chiffon ornamented the skirt, while the
bodice was almost entirely Irish point
lace. The bride wore a white tulle veil
fastened with lilies of the valley, and car
ried a bouquet of the same. Diamond or
naments completed the costume. Miss
Carrie C. Bauer, a sister of. the groom,
was maid of honor. The bridesmaids were
Miss Edith Huff, Miss Ella Wenzelburger,
Miss Lillian Dow and Miss Viola Olco
vltch. Colonel G. W. Bauer was grooms
man. The ushers were Oliver" Dibble,
Harry Beard, Edward Dow and Major
Percival Dolman.
After the ceremony a-reception was held
at the home of the bride's parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Robert Day, 1902 Vallejo street.
It was a pink and white wedding. The
rooms were beautifully decorated with
pink roses and orchids, with foliage and
an abundance of white tulle. A large col
lection of handsome and costly presents
were received, many coming from London,
Paris, Budapest, New York, Stanford Uni.
versity and from other cities and coun
tries. The gift from the brother of the
ST. PAUL'S EPISCOPAL, CHURCH
was the scene of a very pretty
wedding last evening. The princi
pals were Miss Aileen Lolita Day
Sheriff lachman
Disposes of a large stock of merchandise.
$20,000 worth of fine' clothing, gents'" fur-,
nishing goods I and shoes •will" be sold at
private sale at 1065 Market, st., opposite
Jones. Sale commences : Saturday at 9
a.-.;m-V ; -.v,.. > i"; > -•-. v _,,: . : .'.- ;'. ¦ ' v ;, -..:,-¦.
. ...V -- .-.•.:.> v». • ) —¦*¦..-¦ w. ¦¦ ,,-;¦?.¦ I 1? *««¦-_ fc
, To-morrow will be the twentieth an
niversary, of the Rev. M. Bercovitz's min
istry, and to mark the event. he will de
liver an" address 'Z in ( the' evening • at > the
Hall of Israel's Hope, 1127 Mission streot.
The BUbject of the. lecture will be "Tho
Jew. in the Christian Ministry." The od •
portunlty will.be taken by Mr. Bercovitz
to -explain 'his work during his twenty
years . of . ministerial duties ' in : different
countries- i *v *¦' ¦•'¦.¦¦'"¦. : ¦¦ ¦•'.¦' • ;¦ •.;¦¦ -¦¦.
, - . .¦¦;-: .<¦;->¦ *o .;.,:;..W ~v-
Twenty Years in Religion's Service.
.^George Alpers lost fourteen votes In the
three precincts counted ' in Judge Mur
asky'sfcourt yesterday, while Edward '¦ I.
"Walsh, who Is contesting his election, lost
none and increased, his lead to 174.- Fred
Eggers lost seventeen and John • Coghlan
lost two, giving the last named a gain of
fifteen votes on the day and bringing him
within five votes of the Republican candi
date. The precincts* counted yesterday
were the Sixteenth of the Thirty-eighth,
the Fourteenth of the Thirty-seventh and
the Tenth of the Thirty-sixth. The losses
sustained by the other candidates were:
Braunhart,' 15; Payot, 10; Bent, 11, and
Wilson, 17. .: . .. ' .
Contestants Still Gaining.
William Dempsey was held to answer
before the Superior, Court by.* Judge Cqn
lan yesterday on three charges of burg
lary In $2000 bonds each.' .' H© was accused
of having entered a warehouse at Beale
and Mission streets on i the night of Jan
uary 29 and the following night and also
the warehouse at 114 Mission street on the
night of January 4. :
• Charles Simmetti, and David Wells ap
peared' before Judge Cabaniss -' yesterday
on tho charge of burglary. They are ac
cused of forcing open the door of a store
room in the rear of Judnle & Perich's sa
loon, 201 Brannan street, Wednesday aft
ernoon, breaking open a nickel-in-the
slot machine and stealing a sack of
checks and nickels." They were Instructed
and arraigned and the case continued • till
February 11- ...".. . j ' ¦ t
Charges . and .Two Others Ar
raigned. / /. ' ¦ '
One Man Held to Answer on Three
APPEAR IN COURT ON" •
CHARGES OF BURGLARY
:' 'Mrs. Isadore Burns was "at home" yea.
terday afternoon at 404 Van Ness avenue
and received a large number of callers "
Pleasant luncheons •were given yester
day by Mrs. Eugene Lent and Mrs. Paee
at their homes. . > . 5 °
, ¦ , ¦.• . * * . «. ¦ ¦¦ •. .; ; ¦ t
Mrs. ; S. "WY Rosenstock gave a pretty
luncheon yesterday at the Palace Hotel
The guests were: Mrs. Walter Dean Mrs
C. Walker, Mrs. Judge Currv MreHT
Scott, Mrs. Whittell, Mrs. Dr Whitnev
Mrs. Nuttall. Mrs. Pierce, Mrs Wilson*
and Mrs. Salisbury. " Wllson
Miss Collier. Miss Sara Collier, Miss Salll*
Maynard, MIsa Carplan, Miss Genevieve Caro
lan Mlas BriKham. Miss Kate BrlRham IHss
Blale Sperry, Miss Olive Hdlbrook. MIrs SoDhS
Pierce. Miss Margaret Salisbury Miss Edith
McBean, Miss Georelna Hopkins, MUs Frances
Hopkins, MIsa Linda Cadwallader, MUsAHen
Miss France* Allen, Miss Kittle Miss Ethel
Cooper, Miss Morgan, Miss Therese Morcan
Miss Nuttall. Miss Marlon Eel Is? Mrs Walter
Hobart, Mls» Genevieve King and Miss Beisie
. es "' ': .' ¦¦•-.•:;;i/'\; . \\_ \ ':
Mrs. Thomas Magee gave an enjoyable
luncheon yesterday at her home mo
?uests Way ' W " e lald for fou rteen
w Winthrop E. Lester entertained
Lni ?7 enln / at ' her home - Washington
and Van Ness avenue, In honor of Miss
Georgina Jones of Nevada. Invitation!
were issued to twenty couples of the
younger set. Dancing was the chief feat
ure ; of amusement and 1 excellent music
was provided for the young people The
rooms were prettily decorated "and a
dainty supper was served. The evenine
Pfoved a very pleasant one. , Among those
Mrs. Wlllard Vincent Huntimrton. nrid
Miss Edith Huntington were "ft home
yesterday, their second reception day of
the present season. The decorations were
simple and in excellent taste, consistim?
chiefly of spring blossoms. The artistic
home at 903 Eddy street was thrown open
to callers all day and several hundred
guests availed themselves of an oDDor.
tunlty to enjoy Mrs. Huntington's charm
ing and gracious hospitality. DeKSs
afternoon?* 3 • WGre SCrVed durIn ff «E
Mrs. and Miss Huntington were assist
ed in receiving by Mrs. James A? Black
• -I «-* *
olulu. The bride Is noted for her beautv
and charm of manner. The jroom ia
widely known in the States as well'as
fa n nds and , con »es of a prominent
groom . is -. an oak cabinet containing 620
pieces, of silver. . , .
Mr. and Mrs. Bauer leave to-day for a
trip^ to some point unknown to their
COMPL.AIXT AGAINST TUG WINK. — Com
plaint was made to Collector Stratton yester
day agrainst the steam tug Wink for Jlavlgat
.ng the bay without a licensed engineer on
board. The penalty for such an offense is a
5ne of $000. The Wink belongs to a com
pany engaged in dredging Oakland Creek.
1'v.o tugs are said to be employed with only
Dne licensed engineer.
William E. Jordan, First Battery, Field
Artillery, was fined $10 and sentenced to
three months' imprisonment for being
drunk on duty. - Thomas Grady, Compyiy
H, - Ninth Infantry, was dishonorably
discharged from the service and commit
ted to Alcatraz for one year for attempt
ing to desert. Louis Fltzpatrick, un
assigned, was found guilty of desertion
and sentenced to dishonorable discharge
and one year's imprisonment at Alcatraz.
George Cramer, unassigned, was I dishon
orably discharged and - sentenced to six
months' confinement for fraudulent enlist
ment. 'Williani A. Laleyth of the Hos
pital Corps, also found guilty of fraudu
lent enlistment, was given a dishonorable
discharge and two years' Imprisonment
at Alcatraz. * ~
/The general court-martial now in session
ai ; the Presidio is .dispensing Justice with
a heavy hand to recruits and casuals who
havel been found " guilty of violations of
military law. Colonel Rawles, depart
ment commander,, approved 'the findings
and sentences .of the court Jn a number
of instances yesterday and it is expected
that many more \ offenders will be pun
ished before the court adjourns, as the
detail is an exceptionally large one.
Numerous Sentences Imposed
s. - by Court-Martial.
Department Commander . Approves
MILITARY LAWBREAKERS
" • ' -¦ RECEIVE PTTHTSTTTyraNT
Petitions in insolvency were filed yester
day in the United States District Court
as follows: George Eybs, saloon-keeper,
Stockton. liabilities $1131 87, assets $200;
Frank M. Stamper, merchant, Stockton,
liabilities 52623 37, assets $750; Charles F.
Tretheway, laborer, Oakland, liabilities
ft- 1 ?! 25, no assets.
Petitions In Insolvency.
Harry Emery's Case Against Charles
' B. Brockway Dismissed, by
* Judge Cabaniss.
The case of Charles B. Brockway, clair
voyant, 1052 Ellis street, charged with ob
taining-/money by .false, pretenses, from
Harry Emery, a widower, living at S30
Geary street, was by. Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on Emery's own testi
mony on the ground that the money was
paid for a future event and. not for a
past or existing event.
Emery was informed by Brockway that
he: could teach him how to hold com
munion with the spirit of his dead wife,
and, further, that he could give him
mediumistic powers. Emery began tak
ing lessons in August last and had alto
gether paid Brockway $53 in fees, but ha
had not yet been able to commune with
his wife's spirit. Brockway had, he said,
called, at his house and admitted the
whole 'thing was a "fake," but he had no
witness to corroborate, bjiri.;:.
•.Brockway came into prominence two or
three months ago by claiming that he and
a ¦ lady ¦, companion jj were . held up * and
robbed of money -and . jewelry by a
masked footpad while \ driving- along the
Ingleside road. • ;.
WANTED TO COMMXTNE
WITH . WIFE'S SPIBIT
The State reform schools will have a
session and the presence of the superin
tendents of Whittier and. Preston is ex
pected. ¦
The programme for the evening, devoted
to prison reform, in California, will be ar
ranged by Mrs. John Cushing, and Com
missioner Fitzgerald has promised to be
present. ¦ .
. On the subject of work for dependent
and sick children the conference • will
have several meetings. The presidents
and officers of the Children's Hospital,
the Fabiola Hospital, the Natoma-street
Training School, : Herbert Lewis, super
intendent of the Boys' and Girls' Aid So
ciety, who comes to San Francisco with
a record of fifteen years' good service
among dependent children In the East,
and others will take part.
Saturday morning will be devoted to re
ports from the various associated chari
ties of the State, with discussions as to
the best means for closer co-operation
among the associations. ; .
Dr. Samuel Smith's principal topics will
be "Function of Assooiated Charities"
and "State Boards of Charities vs. State
Boards of Control." \*
The propriety and necessity of a Juve
nile court for San Francisco will be dis
cussed. A visitor of great practical value
in the consideration of this" subject will
be Mrs. Martha PJ Falconer, probation
officer of the only juvenile court in the
United States, that 6f Chicago. Judges
Sloss and Coffey of this city are also ex
pected to take part in the discussion.
Horace Davis, president of the confer
ence, will give the opening address and
the Mayor an address of welcome.
Rev. Dr. Samuel G. Smith, a noted
worker in organized charity, a member
of the faculty of ' the 'Minnesota State
University and a brilliant speaker, will
be present during the whole session, tak
ing part In discussions and making' ad
dresses on live topics. ' . .
The meeting on Saturday r afternoon, the
15th, will take place at the South Park
Settlement and will conclude with a 1 so
cial reception. Sunday afternoon's meet
ing will be held in the First Unitarian
Church, corner of Geary and Franklin
streets. Rev. Bradford Leavitt, pastor.
All evening meetings will be held in the
large auditorium of the Y. M. C. A.' build
ing, corner 'of Ellis and Mason streets,
and one of the day meetings in the small
er hall on .the third floor of the same
building... •
Horace Davis, president; A. E. Osborne and
O. V. Rice, vice. presidents ; Katharine Felton,
secretary and treasurer; chairmen, of commit
tees — Finance, B. H. ¦ Pendleton; programme.
Osgood Putnam; reception, Mrs. John F. Mer
rill; on place, Rolla V. Watt.
Arrangements for the second annual
session of the State Conference of Chari
ties and Corrections, to be held in this
city from the 14th to the 17th inst., are
rapidly approaching completion. The offi
cers and heads of .committees are as fol
lows: . • : - •¦• ' - 7 \- r • • '.;
There ie a good deal of talk in political
circles concerning the strength of the
Gafe machine and its ability to force
Gage's renomination on the Republican
party, but accounts from the south, from
the mountain districts and the northern
counties represent that the Republican
voters are going to take an active part in
the election of delegates to the State con
vention. There are indications that E. B.
Edson of Siskiyou will bring to his sup
port several delegations from fae far
north. Dr. Pardee may bring his follow
ers together and gain a solid delegation in
Aiameda. The Gage men count on win
ning Santa Clara and Sacramento coun
ttfl and nine of the Assembly districts of
San Francisco. In a general way San
Diego, Santa Barbara. Ventura, San Luis
Obispo, Riverside. San Bernardino, San
Joaquin, Sonora, Xapa and Contra Costa
counties are reckoned as against Gage.
The mountain counties— Tuolumne, Ama
dor, Calaveras. Nevada and Placer — may
send delegations friendly to Jacob H. Neff
and Harold Power. It is said that the
counties of Santa Cruz, Monterey and
San Benito will send Flint delegations.
Senator Flint expects to win quite a num
ber of delegates in the counties south of
Tehachapi. The boldness of his invasion
of Los Angeles County excites admiration.
Strength of the Gage Machine.
A year later. In November, 1901. there
was a slight decline in the Republican
vote. Asa R. Wells, the Republican nomi
nee for Mayor, received only 12,256 votes.
Here is a failing off of 22,8b6 Republican
votes. It is true that only 53,4»3 votes
were cast, but it is likewise true that the
RepuWican nominee for Mayor received
less than 25 per cent of the votes polled,
whereas, in Iw) the Republican leader ob
tained more than 50 per cent of the vote
cast. Wise and pruaent politicians who
look forward to victory at the polls as
one of the desirable results of a political
campaign may have taken note of the
fact that Republican voters and Repub
lican newspapers gave the party bosses a
him in advance that machine methods of
forcing nominations against the will of
the people would bring disaster to the
party.
In the Presidential election of 1900 San
Francisco cast t>4.>.63 votes, and 35,112 of
the voters supported the Republican
ticket. The majority inscribed on the
banner is 99%. In this election there was
complete harmony in the Republican
carnp. The Republican leaders were in
line. The Democratic newspapers were
attending to affairs in their own party
and were not giving their time and spac«j
to the management of the Republican
campaign.
San Francisco Wins Banner.
Because Aiameda County in the dim
past won the Kepubiiqun banner from i>os
.-vngeies mere is an impression in tne
touih that Aiameda is really tne banner
republican County of caluorma. Poli
ticians should keep the truth in mind
that Kan Francisco is me oanner Repub
lican County or this State, 'ine original
X>os Angeles banner with majorities m-
Kcribed thereon is safeiy inclosed in a
glass case at the Union league Club, and
u the Republican State Convention makes
a wise nominauon tor Governor the ban
ner will stay there.
Dr. George C. Pardee's boom, like con
fidence, is a plant of slow growth. It
seems to flourish well enough in Alamed-i
County, but beyond the confines of the
officeholders' paradise it has hardly at
tained the proportions of a boomlet. In
the south Hint and Gage are struggling
for the mastery. The activity displayed
by the anti-boss forces in the organiza
tion of Flint clubs in the city of L,os An
geles has caused seme alarm in the Gage
camp. Before the middle of this montn
several well known workers of the Gage
machine will leave San Francisco for
{southern Calilornia for the purpose of
taking a hand in the preliminaries. Bulla,
lielsnaw and Flint are putting up a
stronger fight than the admirusfc-ation ex»
peeled anu one too big to ill resisted,
with any show of success, by Walter Par
ker, Correy Pendleton and johnny Wray.
Will Occupy : Three Days in
Discussion of Cor
- rebtions.
Exercise of Wisdom in Con
vention Fromises to
Help Party.
State Organization Pre
pares, Arrangements t
for Session.
Continued Pe ice in Re
publican Camp Will
Keep Trophy.
WILL CONFER
ON CHARITIES
SAN FRANCISCO
HOLDS BANNERI
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALLj FRIDAY; FEBRU AH Y 7, ' 1902.
Miss Florence I. Ballinger and E. C. Macfarlane Marry Privately, While
Miss Aileen L Day and C. J. Bauer Have a Church Wedding-Miss
Kate Cornwall and Frank Thompson Will Become One at Honolulu
CUPID LEADS THREE HAPPY COUPLES
TO PLIGHT THEIR VOWS AT THE ALTAR
Miss Florence I. Balllnger. and E. C.
Macfarlane of Honolulu were married yes
terday afternoon at the home of the
bride's mother, Mrs. Watson, 3215 Twen.
ty-third street, this city. The wedding
was a very quiet affair, only ' the imme.
diate family being present. Mr. and Mrs.
Macfarlane left last evening for a trip
East, after which they will live in Hon-
News is wafted from the Hawaiian'Isl
ands that Miss Kate - Cornwall will this
month become the bride of Frank Thomp
son, a bright young attorney in the isl
ands. Miss Cornwall is an unusually
pretty girl and has many strong friend3
in California, as she was in school here
for several years, -but has since returned
to live with her father In Honolulu. Mr.
Thompson is well liked professionally and
socially. He has been practicing law in
the islands for two years and is at pres*
ent in partnership with Tom Fitch.
. ¦ •.'..¦. • • ¦ •
9
ADVEETISEMENTS.
FREE DENTIstBY
For - those unable to pay ordinary office fees.
Open Sundays and Evenings. Graduate den-
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
, 3 TAYLOR STREET.
Corner Golden Gate Avenue.
®VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY (or MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over at ty
years -by the. leaders of -the
Mormon Church : and their
followers. Positively cure tfys I
worst cases I In old and yo ins
arising from effects" of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure lost
Manhcod, Impotency, I<ost
Power. Night Losses, j . Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. .Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Har-
ry, Loss of Semen, « Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *^ MM vous Twltchlnjr of
Eyelids, Effects are immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *»=*»*» ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60ca box; 8 for
$2<B0 by mall. A written guarantee to euro or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
•Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis »t..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 33
and 40 Third street.
4visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
> MUSEUM OF ANATOMY J
A CS 1051JU,BZIT3T.l9t.6±ft?Ji,"3.P.Ci!.i
\ - ,C The LareestAcatomical Museum in the \
U wuttn**. World - Weaknesses or any con tract el a
Y * sea ? e p»»»ti*«'«7 cond hy the oldest T
® J»W Specialist oa the Coast. Eit. 36 years. O
4 izWL DR * J O R DAN-DISEASES OF MEN Q
\ • $% f& Consultation free and strictly private . \
9 I iff^£ Treatment personally or by letter. A n
\ 8 W « • />< "'-' lve Cut* m every case undertaken. \
a S // 111 I Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY «f A
r ' (I I 1 * HI4H R I AGfS. MAILED FREB. (Af
A (J {i valuable book for mrn) \
V DO. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 Market St. S. V. Y
§DR. MEYtRS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MLM.
Established . 1SS1* Con-
eultation and private boon
free at office or by mall.
Cures, guaranteed. .
731 MARKET SI.
SAN FKANCISCO.' CAL.
i Jfg&DB<V£T,SOT<G&CO. (^|.
& J
MARKET ST. S.F.
¦ •'- ; lA/. ; }; X. : : ; vHBiSS, ,.;, ; '
HOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT-LAV.
Tenth Floor, Room 'l015. Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Main 0S3. •
Residence. ¦ 821 California st.. - below Powell.
. . >¦ -• Residence Telfji nnn a, James • 1501- ' . "
¦ ¦ ,..¦:• : :. - . - ¦ ¦¦¦
AD V JbiJtCTJLS K.TVTEUTS.
Announcement
t PUBLIC
fl fk-mSG TO THE FAm
Vf vorable criticism ani
many Inquiries received
by us from the medical profession and others
interested regarding- our statement that the so-
called weakness of men Is not a weakness, but'
symptoms of Inflammation of the Progtatj
Gland (neck of bladder), caused by contracted
disorders and early dissipation, and that Lota
of Vitality." Prematurenesa. etc., are Invariably
cured by procedures directed toward oorrectins
this Inflammation, we wlsb to state to theaa
many Inquiries, in the columns of the press,
that it takes approximately ten weeks to cum
these disorders of the male. The treatment la
entirely a local one, as no drugging the stomach
Is necessary, and that the patient may treat
himself at home under our direction. We will
cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to any
reliable physician on request. The colored chart
of the organs, which we send free on applica-
tion to any one Interested In the subject, will
be found -a great advantage In "Home Diagnc*
s'.s," as well as a stndy for all Interested fc?
their anatomy. Very respectfully, . ¦ s ;
DR. TALCOrT & CO., 997 Market St,
DDTTOUUQ FOR BARBERS. BAJC-
ijliU e™ bootblacks, batfc-
*^** ****** bouses, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, caaners.
dyers. flourmlUs. foundries, laundries, pap*r-
haneers. printers, painters. »hoe tactorlej.
* tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailor*. »t&.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
/Oba a B n ti <<fe Ammunition and Sporting
Hll Unl 67" Goods. Largest Stock. Low.
Mil BlS >k eat Prices. Until close o£
|Q| I Bui _^ hunting: season wtll offer
a B RJ 1 w \J guns at reduced price*.
¦ ¦ Send for catalogue.
8HREVR & BAHBS3 CX.
739 Market 8t ani 511 Kenny g&
AIPP n Oil I I Corner Fourth and
PnlL U I V A I Market. S. F. Try
I Iirr nil 1 1ll our Speclal Br * w -
I I H I 1 H I Steam and Lager.
Uni L UUIIIU 6c Overcoats and
valises checked f r»»
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
Jf TI7II Cni^Jt m °°^ Battery Street.'
• C- TTlLjUi.1 U WJ*> Telephone Main IS«».
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
US RnYP5*fA' Shipping Butchen, J0^
JAj* DU I CJtttU , Clay. TeL Mam 129*.
OILS.
L.UBRICATINO ' OILS. LEONARD i EIOJ3.'
413 Front St.. 8. F. Phone Main 1710.
~ PRINT INO. ~~~
E- C; BUQ8ES Ell Sansome St.. 3. P.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
..'• -¦ - : , 2S First stzvat. Ssj> Fraaelaea."
DR. PIEBCE'S B^MEDIES.
Whan ITlA^DAWnP lO l\ff l i* running down of the machinery Ja
MilCll llltj fUWBl IS Uil th «LP^sical power-house, the next thing
. . • - to do is to consider how to turn on the
_^ power a^iiri, restore the vigor and renew
WnQT UqHTIMIO 9 the activity.
II llul fid I) U OilS • .The best way to explain how to do thia
f f is to show how it has been done.
; "It i3 with heart-felt gratitude that I
. ' . ':: J • - -. ' . . . • : send thi3 testimonial which I wish you
Every facto^ worker and mechanic to publish with my name and address,"
knows what happens when the power is writes Mr. .Willis Seaman, of Washin"-
off. Everything stops. The machinery tonville, Orange County, N. Y. « I hall
is idle. If a mechanic were taken into stomach trouble from birth and suffered
a factory and saw the machinery silent with it more or less as I grew up. At
and motionless he'd know at once that the age of 26 I -was broken down" with
the power was off. When you shut off dyspepsia. My suffering was terrihle.
the power from a plant yon shut of! its Could not eat without distress. Could
activity. ¦ ¦ , . only eat a few certain things and was •
If every factory and mitt-hand, every not able to work half the time. Every-
mechanic and workman, understood the thing I tried only gave me temporary
reliet jjy wife finillv
X1L rinn^'iJLSSr^^^TXlroijf £™"L_~ Pellets.* I took six bot-
1- Mf^^^m^^^^m^iVl fel — ~ tl * s of ' G , olden Medi . cal
• ite^^^^^^^^^lr im r^ ' well 6 that I stopped 2 taK
\I^^^^^B^S^ l W^^^\ MM */ in " medicine. Several
n^^^^^^^^g^ /C^T^pP^ Y £&M I months have passed and I can do the
«^^fflk'-iifi^7 / Jami I ha f l^ est of work, can eat any-
'fP^MiHmffrt^tV^?\ nJm Ws I ¦ t*" n £ at " set before me and en-
f^^^^^^r |\?M-./ PvM&wWi I J oy it- I ani 27 >' ears °M a "d thia
ij^^^^tr^ \\j*y s-W$&'wl i 1 1 is the first time J have ever beea
I II S Wk e *if X m wBW'''l TnE CAUSE F0R confid snci:
If§^^^^i I / \ I]? W$ir-'J-j tlle ab ? lit y of " P r - Pierce's Gold-
if |f" l '*' wa> v. si I $$iH}W7-* :Tfl en Medical Discovery to cure
liPii S \ WWrw :: %\ nwea1lt " stomach and diseases in general
IIJ ill |j jj ,. j^/1 Wsiff 1 1 °' e stomach and other; organs of di-
I Si '1! II IM? i \ gestion and nutrition is found in the
I I I . -i l[| WJi th "C* that the worst and .most obstinate
\ I U I ' / •*-$? /fix • J orm3 °' stomach trouble have yielded
1 ill I M- ' \ff Mb ¦ influence of this great remedy.
Ijl wjibj J? y /i'm*K " Some time has, elapsed since I have
il v A V • \ /I Mi written you in regard to the treatment I
* \ I .1/1. \/ I have been taking nnder your instruo
'•Iff v"' I "\ \.^» Y tions," says Sir. E. F. Cingmars, of Minne-
ll|j • I f^ / spoils, Minn. w When first I commenced
"1 1 rzZ&SSiZg&kZtetCT^v^Tp your remedies I was under treat-
ill J, y * < r/&l f f t ment of a well-known specialist in thia
IB vS>7 l/wi! "^ ( and ha d been for four months) for
f jj \a 1 1 Ijl catarrh, and especially stomach trouble,
1 1 ff= =gA,- r=Jj/ an<^ was rapidly getting worse. Got so
/ u t^ at J could not eat anything that
j ff / Ifj did not distress me terribly^ and I was
Jn * y '// obliged to quit taking the doctor's treat-
ment entirely. I was greatly rednced in
_..'.,." ' flesh. As a last resort I wrote to you and
mechanism off his body as he nnder- stated my case, and after receiving your
stands the machinery of the mill, he instructions I followed them closelv.
Would know that when a man is weak After taking five bottles of Dr. Pierce's
and run down, when his activities are Golden Medical Discovery and one vial
slowed down if not altogether stopped, o f his « Pleasant Pellets,' I commenced
there is something wrong with the power to improve, and decided to continue the
plant of the body. medicines and observe your instructions
The power plant of the body includes regarding hygienic treatment. It is now
the stomach and its associated organs of nearly sne months since I commenced
digestion and nutrition. All physical your treatment and I can say that I am
strength is derived from food digested well and never felt better in my life,
and converted into nutrition. Nutrition Am very grateful to you for what your
is the power which runs the body. medicine has done for me."
When nutrition fails the body fails. The
chemical changes by which food is con* _ THI S CAN be REUED on.
verted into nutrition take place in the Dr . Pi erce » 3 Golden Medical Discovery
stomach^and digestive and nutritive diseases of the stomach and other
X^^JP 1611 - 1^ 1^' or S an3 of digestion and nutrition. It
the nutrition is reduced and the body's i n t rease s the supply of pure rich blood
power is reduced in proportion. which is fina Yf orm £ nutrition. It
A DOCTOR'S DICIUM. gives strength for weakness, heartiness
.... , • for heaviness of heart, and puts the
An eminent physiaan in a lecture to wno le physical man on the plane of
medical students, said in substance, robust health. From a man only able to.
« When you are called on by a sick per- work half the ti me and then in p^ to »
son the first examination must be di- a man who work all the t^ e in
rected to the stomach." Just as the comfort, is a transition great enough to
mechanic knows the power's off wten '. warrant the oft repeated statement, «I
the machinery stops, so the physiaan _f ee l like a new man since using th*
when he sees a man weak, tired," and 'Discovery **
helpless, knows the power is. off... The ,^ „„,„ a >Uv
food the man eats is, nbt being converted DO YOU raiw? . ?.
into nutrition. When food is digested, Do you know what to do in case of
assimilated and converted into nutrition emergency, accident, or sudden illness ?"
it must strengthen the body. When the Do you know how to aid the sick while
body is weak, deficient in vitality and waiting for the doctor? You can learn
vigor, it must be because it is insuffi- how to do these and a thousand other
dently .nourished, either from lack of things from Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
food or because the food eaten is not Medical Adviser. The book contains
digested and converted " into nutrition. more than a thousand large pages and.
Popularly and generally this condition is sent free on receipt of stamps to pay
is described as "weak stomach," or expense of mailing only. , Send 31 one-
• stomach trouble." . . ' .: cent stamps for the cloth-bound volume;
• When you have related the weak or only twenty-one stamps for the book
physical condition to the ." weak " stom- in paper-covers. -Address Dr. R. Y. :
ach and the ° run-down" condition to Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
OEAPE-NUTS. . . ¦ -
5 (W^Nar «. *^^#:^ This Keystone of \^^ _ t^ I
ZU M B0NE 1f?&1 Health MaKes X KlOHEYS \JL PUBLIC
%^^ 3 -~r Solid the Entire
'^0^^^^^^r" : Human System. ?i|^^<s..- — *V*fil^^
*i & T J Common Sense Y ? - \ ,
fu.^w-c^ 1 and Backed up by \^^^ %&*£
COMMOfJ SEK5E^ > The Public. [COMMON SENSE T^
A SCIENTIFIC BREAKFAST.
ilightly selected food will cure more ders will gradually disappear and firm, with the albumen in food to make gray
han half the diseases. Try a scientific solid health will set in. % matter, which is the filling of the brain
.nd healthy breakfast— fruit of some Why? You have probably been living cells and the nerve centers all over the
:lnd, preferably cooked; a dish of Grape- on poorly selected food; that is, food that human body.
Cuts, with cream; two soft-boiled eggn. does not contain the required element3 A man or woman .thus fed la Bdentifl-
»ut two eggs in a tin pint cup of boiling the body needs." That sort of food, and cally fed and rapidly grows in vigor. and
rater, cover and set off for. nine minutes, coffee, is the direct or indirect cause of vitality, and becomes capable of con-
Vhites will then be the consistency of more than half the ills the human body ducting successfully the affairs of life,
ream and most easily digested. One acquires. 'To produce a perfect body, and a money
lice of bread with butter; cup of Postum Grape-Nuts Is a perfectly cooked fo/>d making brain the body must have the
Cereal Food Coffee. and both that and the Postum Food Cof- right kind- of food. and the expert food
v On that breakfast you can work like a fee contain fine microscopic particles of specialist knows how , to make it. That
' -orse and be perfectly nourished uptil phosphate of potash obtained in a nat- is Grape-Nuts and Postum Cereal Food
oon. Your, nervous troubles, heart pal- ural way from the grains of the field and Coffee, produced at the pure food'' fa'c-
tftation. stomach and bowel troubles, kid- by scientific food experts incorporated tories of the Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., at
<ur complaints and various other disor- 1 into food and drink. That element. Joins Battle Creek, Mich. / !<
y.*>*?w* • -•¦ « •¦•• -¦¦-¦ ---¦ '¦¦• •?»-'•.OAXLAUD BACEBACK— Thursday, Feb. 6.— Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
3257. FIRST RACE — 3 $4 furlongs; maiden 2-year-old colts and geldings;- to first, $325.
r~l T ' r Y~ ~ ' ! Betting.
Index Horce and VTeigLt. St. ft. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op- cl 
31S1 Altawan ......Y.115 2 ... 1 2 2 6 ' 1 ns Burns & Watrhs.Bullmn 1 1
3210 Len Reno 105 4 ... 2 1 1 n 2 6 Dickey & Linder...Hoar 6 9-£
ElUston 118 3 ... 3 J4 3 4 8 5 T. H. Stevens. .O'Connor 6-5 11-5
I" I W J Dickey 118 1 ... 42 4 4 4 6 L.. A. Blasingame.Winsl 15 60
Pu pk<« 118 5 ... 5 P» B F. D. Boas Troxlerl 16 15
Time— %. :26; 3%f, :44. Good start. Won first thre« driving. Winner' Burns & Witter;
housed b. s. by Altamax- Juanita IL Bullman on winner outflnished koar. Elliston has
325S. SECOXD RACE— Five furlongs; selling; tnree-year-olda; to first, $325. . ¦
T~" ~ : : ~ Betting.
IndexjHors* and Weight. St. %. %. Str. : Fin. Owntr and Jockey. OP- cl 
(3249) Evander 109 *i Tl ll'U 18 W. Fisher & Co .Bullman 9-5 9-5
3249 B^ssexSo ........ 109 4 S» 2 1 2? 2 4 Jennings & Co.. T.Burns 6 \&
rm MaSsDina. 107 5 5142 44 33 Mallowmot Farm-Jacksn 7-5 9-5
3249 Dwight Way ....109 2 62 61 5f 58 W.;F. McSherry . . . . Hoar 8 18
Ib^^-dl f h I" V ? h fe - 3 8_Jg
race under good handling. Goin« too holding for Malaspina. Silva Cruz quit. Scratcnea
3259. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
— ~ "~- Betting.
index Horse. Age. Weight. St. tt. %. Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. °P- CL
3°60 FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
;— — \ ' j — ' I Betttng.
Ind»xjHorse : _Age.JCTrel g ht.|St. %. %¦ Str. Fin. ) Owner and Jockey. | O*^^
12«1 ' FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; Fruitvale Handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $500.
" j ! ; Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. g. %. Str. Fin. ) Owner and Jockey. [ Op- _g L
"•no Articulate. 4 ....100 "* 1 h 15 18 18 R. A. Smithy. Blrkenruth 4-5 8-4
MifS? 5 :&* tt II IS 3 23^ «as^£::5J^ 3 , 4
~T^_x> »±- -u. -48- « 1-15^; %, l:29^i. Good start. Won easily. Second easily.
speed. Scratched — CaP^^^Hiw^.^ ...... _^^w
SHTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
— — \ r— " | Bettlns.
IndexlHorse. Age. Weight. 1 St. Vj. ft. Str. FlH.) Owner and Jockey. j Op. CL
ill KvL"i-iS I I \l U U rB. P BorS:.«eny S. S
- ._, v — .0514. ii -51«- ai 1-17%; mile, 1:46%; 1 l-16m. 1:53%. Good start. Won
ffr^TthVee driVing' Wmner, Ezell & LazaPus' br. g. by Bassetlaw-Detrix. Bullman astride
Baldo 95. M. L. RcthschUd 107. * ' _
Sixth race— Six and a half furlongs, selling;
four-year-olds and upward. _
0039 -William F 109 3190 Flamero 109
S)R>b Palmer... 106 3260 Clarando ....107
STOS Ben Ledt 107 3053 Edinborough .112
3540 TtaB a Ling.. 107 3251 Monda ...1».
3203 Scallywag T..106 3219 Pine Shot....lW
Fifth race— Six furlongs, selling; three-year-
O^^temlu rd '...117 3227 Gold Baron... 118
3229 Ravino 120 3227 Rublno 105
\XZ\ phvins 101 3249 Maraschino ..105
3184 Quiz II. 131 3090 St. Anthony.. 113
3192 Marelio 103 .-'¦*•-.;•.
Fourth race— Six furlongs, selling; four-year
old and usward. j
~>" T K allne 104 1 3256 Gusto .......114
Iw MeiSSiM ...116 3232 Educate 101
3123 Grafter ... ...10313243 Decoy Ill
3251 The Gaffer... 104 3232 H. Thatcher.. 109
0040 Va«allo 89 3251 Courtier .....^111
32« ArafaS. ..... 87 3220 D. of York 11.109
3232 Wolhurst 116 I
Angora, amber eyes; Jim, white Anjrora,; Zaza.
brown tabby Angora.
' Owned by Mrs. jC. Hildebrand— Emil - St.
Omar, white Angora! blue eyes, perfect hear
ing; Sassa. daughter of the famous Paris Col
burn and Lady Babble.
Owned by Mrs. C. E. Martling — Omar, son
of Royal Norton and Madge, white Persian;
. Pansy, tortoise-shell Persian; Posey, tortoise
shell Angora; Quaker, gray tabby; Toodles,
gray tabby: Kahled, cream Persian, only cream
owned on the coast; Omar n, white with amber
eyes; Elita, white Persian; Azul, blue Angora.'
Owned by H. McCracken — Apollo, white with
blue eyes. Angora; Dictator, chinchilla An
gora; Eoblnson Crusoe, black and 'white An
gora; Daphne, white Angora;' Juanita, chin
chilla Angora; Ramona, . black Angora; Pattl,
white Angora; Carmelita. black Angora; Sun
beam, white Angora; Lady Duff, white Angora;
Finette, tortoise shell; Zaza, white Angora;
Baby Blue Eyes, white Angora; LUy, white
Angora.
Owned by Mrs. A. McCabe — Doc, brown tab
by gelding. Angora.
Short-haired cats: Owned by Mrs. Coles —
Tatty, Maltese. ;'J.< - '- - *
Owned by Mrs. William A. Deane — Daisy,
wnite. - .
Owned by Pacific Cat Club— Our Mascot,
black; Mary, blue; Jane, black. .
¦ 'Doc," owned by Mrs. McCabe, Is an
immense brown cat with markings of a
tiger. Mrs. Martling's fine specimen.
Omar, son of Royal Norton, Is probably,
the b*t known cat in the world. It . is
valued at 52500. Omar Is of the cobby
build, short face and Immense ruff.
The Pacific Cat Club was organized In
July, 1900, for the purpose of stimulating
an interest in high-bred cat and for rais
ing funds for the care of homeless cats.
A refuge has been established for the
felines. A boarding-house Is maintained
In connection with the refuge, where cats
aret cared for during the absence of own
ers from the city. Following «are the of
ficers of the club:
President, Mrs. C E. Martllngr: vice presi
dent. Miss Maude Smith; treasurer," Mrs. C E.
Hildebrand; recording secretary, Mrs. William
C. Morrow; corresponding secretary, Mrs. Wil
liam A. Deane.
HIGH BRED FELINES THAT WILL BE SHOWN AT THE PACIFIC CAT
CLUB EXHIBITION TO BE HELD IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE
JUVENILE FAIRYLAND CARNIVAL.
Twenty tins of smuggled opium were
seized yesterday on the Tucapel by cus
toms Inspectors. The steamer came from
Central America ajid it was a surprise to
the officials to find smuggled Hongkong
op?um. on her.
Smuggling at Long Range.
New Orleans' Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 6.— Crescent City
summary:
First race mile and seventy yards. Belling- —
Blue Ridge won. Little Lois second, Aaron
third. Time, 1:51.
Second race, three furlongs— Navasato won,
Merry Sister second, Frank Rice third. Time,
"S8 * ' * '
- Third race, six furlongs, selling — Parnassus
won. O'Hagren second, Crescent City third.
Time, 1:18%./ .
Fourth race, six furlongs — Lennep won,
Nobleman second. Tour third. Time, 1:17ft.
Fifth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth—
Saragamp won. Prestome second, Carlovlgnitfn
third. Time, 1:54.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Lady Kent ¦won.
Masterful second. Echodale third. Time. 1:32.
lightweight limit. .It is well known
O'Brien is anxious to meet Lavigne,
thinking he has a chance with, the ex
champion.
Lavigne is nursing hopes of securing a
match with Terry McGovern or Toung
TheNtfest Oakland Athletic Club will
hold boxing contests across the bay next
Tuesday, for which a good card is as
sured. The main event will be a ten
round bout between J. J. Dukelow and
"Cyclone" Kelly at 145 pounds. The other
attractions will be six rounds
Frank George of the Bay City Club and
Peter McGee of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club at 135 pounds, and eight rounds
between Fred Bell of the San Francisco
Athletic Club and George Stone of the
Bay City Club a.t 145 pounds, f.
; If - some . people -.were deaf { and dumb It
.would }undoubtedly,be;a great' blessing—
for, those > who : are compelled ; to ; associate
with them. < ', __ __.__. ,'¦¦¦¦
".Youiig ; Gxif flo'! ; Is • Insane.
: CHICAGO,. Feb." 6.— "Young Griff o,", the
pugilist, was ! adjudged insane to-day and
ordered to an asylum; . Some months ago
he was an Inmate of an asylum, but was
given his freedom, when, it was thought
he was cured. During the recent cold
weather \, Griffo s*'. feet and hands were
frozen and, /although It - was not found
necessary ~ to , amputate them,- the pain is
said to have done much to unsettle the
patient's mind. ; ' /V 1 -.' ¦ •,-/"-¦
Con Mooney-Is arranging a sporting ex
curaion to Vallejo on Sunday. The steamer
Monticello will carry, a large party to the
navy yard city, leaving here at 8:30 a
m. and returning at 7:40 p. m. There will
be coursing, a mounted sword contest and
other sports. The coursing will be under
the direction of Larry" Monreal, manager
of the Vallejo Coursing Park. • The draw
forj a' forty r eight dog stake will be held
this. evening in this city at the California
Bowling Alley. 1 Fifth ! street. A judse
andslipper will be elected. ,',
Vallejo Sporting Meeting.
Had a revolver in the hands of Karl
Thompson, a wire worker,.,., been loaded
yesterday afternoon . there might have
been three yacanciesJn the police depart
ment. Thompson,' drunk and delirious,
ran amuck in the ¦ saloon of Pat ' Fitz
gerald | at the corner . of Mason and Fil
bert streets,* and after shooting the in
terior of the place full of holes turned his
weapon on Sergeant Christiansen and
Officers Morton and McGrayan, who
rushed to the scene to arrest him. The
weapon was snapped at each officer .be
fore they could, seize it, but the weapon.
wasempty. ' . .
- Thompson and Dick Madden became il
toxicated in the saloon named and the
former, drawing his weapon, announced
himself bartender. Then he drove that
employe from behind the mahogany. He
quickly started to rid the place of its
occupants and fired six shots at fleeing
figures. y The shooting attracted pedes~
trlans to the scene/who approached the
door, but when they • caught of
/Thompson. brandishing his gun and rais
ing it in their direction they fled pellmell.
-Then the policemen- came.. As they en
tered the • place Thompson warned : them
back, at the same time snapping the pistol
at "them. Sergeant Christiansen seized
the weapon while the. policemen over
powered i the man : with the cowboy pro
pensities. Madden, who was also drunk,
had remained in the saloon and enjoyed
the sport of the • shooting and the gun
display which followed. Both men were
taken to the Central police station
Thompson was : charged ; with discharging
firearms within the city limits and Mad
den was booked for disturbing the peace.
Karl Thompson Snaps
His Weapon at Three
Policemen.
RUNS AMUCK
WITH A GUN
pTf^a ABBIES of excellent breeding will
I shown at the Pacific Cat Club
1 exhibition, to' be held In conjunc
>l tion with the Juvenile Fairyland
Carnival at Mechanics' .Pavilion
from February 8 to 15. Cats of every kind
and description will be exhibited. Prizes
will be awarded to tne best felines ex
hibited. Following is a list of the entries:
Owned by Mrs. Allan Abbott— Fluff, white
Angora, blue eyes, -with perfect hearing, weighs
25 pounds. - • \
. Owned by Mrs. • D. M.- Heermans — Frisker
ina, tabby.
Owned by Mrs. A. H. Brod — Middy, white
P. C. "Kelly, ; assignee, -will sell I all-wool
men's ¦ suits, and overcoats worth ; $18 1 for
$4.65. All , of the 'AT ' Brick bankrupt stock
will have to clear: out- to: make room,'. for
the *New/. York , clothing stock .will - arrive
soon at •¦ the Boston, 773 Market St., near,
Fourth.'^- ¦' -¦- , ¦- , ¦ - r • :
To-Day and • To-Morro w
Benjamin S. Donahue, 117 New . Mont
gomery street, secured a warrant from
Judge Cabaniss yesterday for" the arrest
of . S. Thomas and William Bird on ' the
charge of grand larceny. He alleges that
on January 21, while he was in San Jose,
the two defendants called, at ¦. his placo
and secured 6400 pieces of onyx tiling val
ued at 5105 and 3143 pieces, of border tiling
valued at $165 43 and sold them,*: appropri
ating the money to their own use. , >
>¦*-•,. \ • ' "
Bunkoed Out 'of Tiling.
This evening the ¦ El Dorados ' and San
Franclscos, five-men teams, meet on * the
Eugene alleys: ¦ ¦< . y. ,
Messrs. . Smith' and Thormahlen and
Eacret and Gott will play their postponed
games -from January 27 to-day at 5.p..m.
on the Coronado alleys, leaving still three
more sets of doubles to«be played to com
plete the schedule for : the same date —
Messrs. .Crawford - and : Minott .vs." - F. . A."
Smith and Mayer, Crawford and ¦ Minott
"vs. Thormahlen and W. G. : Smith, and
Eacret : and 'Gott-.vs.' F.' A."Smith and
Mayer. :. • ....¦¦ ¦-.:-• ':.'¦: ¦¦• •¦'.', .¦-.-¦
Two sets of double ;team games' sched
uled by the San Francisco Bowling Asso
ciation for January- 27, and which were*
postponed, were played yesterday after
noon on the Coronado alleys and resulted
as .follows: . . .
I^eap ......167 171 142 F.A. Emith.143 125 198
Thorpe ....154 205185 Mayer .....145 155 117
Total . . . .321 376 327 Total ... .288 280 315
Leap .:..- 150 165 172 W.G.Smtth.131" 182 160
Thorpe ."....173 181 140 Thormahlen. 150 183/135
Total ....329 346" 312 Total '....281 315 295
BOWLEES PLAY OFF * .
POSTPONED GJLME3
Burton says that he came here recently
from the Klondike. He tells several con
flicting stories about his possession of the
trunk. The Federal authorities think
that he is only on* of a big crowd that
is smuggling . between British - Columbia
and this city. -
Yesterday afternoon Burton rang up
Expressman Gallagher and . told him to
take the trunk to the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
The customs inspectors went with Gal
lagher to see the trunk delivered, and it
was then discovered that Burton had only
engaged the room for the day. The trunk
was placed in Burton's room and the man
appeared at 6 o'clock last evening. , He
was arrested and taken to the ' County
Jail.~_
The trunk arrived here lost Monday,'
and Inspectors Campbell and Linquist
waited over at Oakland several days for
the man to come and call for the -trunk.
On Wednesday the trunk was brought
over to this side, and yesterday afternoon
Expressman C. E. Gallagher»of 28 Market
street called for it and presented the
check. , < .
He was detained; and then showed
clearly that he was an innocent party to
the affair. He' said that a man r named
Burton had told him to call for the trunk
and to hold it at his . ofHce until he re
ceived instructions over the telephone
where to take it.
Last Saturday Collector of the Port
Stratton received a dispatch from Col
lector Patterson of Portland that the
Federal authorities at Portland had seized
a trunk filled with seventy-five pounds of
opium consigned to Frank D. Burton. The
trunk was checked through from Tacoma
to the Sixteenth street depot, Oakland.
Surveyor of the Port Spear was placed in
charge of the case, and > he, with the as
sistance of his chief deputy, Chauncey M.
St. John, decided that the opium,' with the
exception of qne can, should be taken out
by the authorities in the north and the
trunk should be again shipped to Frank
Burton at Oakland. .• • ¦
Custom Inspectors J. "W. Campbell and
V. J. Lindquist cleverly captured Frank
D. Burton, an opium smuggler, . at ~ the
Cosmopolitan Hotel last evening. He is
wanted on a charge- of smuggling opium
here from British Columbia.
Frank Burtom Falls Into
Trap Set for Him by
Inspectors.
OFFICERS CATCH
OPIUM SMUGGLER
Mannle's Turf Co. again landed . four
winners yesterday, making the record of
ten out of a possible twelve winners for
two days. For to-morrow a good thing
that has been bottled up for three weeks
will be uncorked. Talk about coups t
This one will make some of our far famed
"killings" look like the every day win
ning of a favorite by contract. 30 Post. •
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Jungfrau, Annie Max, Tibs.
Second race — Lemuel, Prestano, Montoya.'
Third rac6 — Wolhurst, Arigatp, Harry
Thatcher.
Fourth race— Meehanus, Grafter, Gusto..
Fifth race— Maraschino, Marelio, Phyllis.
Sixth race^ — Edlnborough, Flamero, Fine
Shot.
3203 Mount. Dew.. 107*3206 Foul Play.... 107
The closing argument for the defense
will be made by Attorney Robert Ferral,
and Assistant District Attorney Alford
will follow. The case, will be submitted
to the jury this afternoon.
Referring to Buckley's flight from the
scene of the murder, the speaker insisted
that was no proof of guilt. Jabez Swan
Jr., one of the witnesses for the prosecu
tion, admitted the shooting frightened
him so'that he went several blocks out of
his way to get to his home on Shotweil
I street. Had he been pursued he might
have been arrested for murder, and not
withstanding his innocence witnesses
might have been found to identify him
as the murderer of George Rice.
The attorney argued that Rice . was
clubbed Into insensibility and was uncon
scious when he was shot. It followed
therefore that his dying statement as to
the kind of hat worn by his assassin could
not be believed.~\ Sergeant Duke, who
took the dying. statement, was criticized
as having shown animus in his testimony.
Great stress was laid upon the remark of
an unknown man to the officer who ar
rested Buckley that "he was not the
man. Discrepancies were pointed out in
the testimony of "the sleuth hounds of the
police," and proved conclusively; accord
ing to the speaker, .that their statements
were not founded on fact. The fact that
no revolver was found on the person ! of
Buckley and the additional fact that none
was j ever discovered along the route fol
lowed by Buckley lir his rush for safety
was especially alluded to as an indication
of Buckley's innocence. The lack of mo
tive for the murder was advanced in sup
port of the theory of innocence of the de
fendant. . : ¦ * - • ¦ v . ... ....
The speaker insisted that the testimony
of the defense proved that the man who
did the shooting not only wore a black
hat, but was of a dark complexion. Even
Rice himself on his dying bed said that ho
could not identify Buckley as his assas
sin. The witnesses for the defense were
reputable people, whose veracity was un
questioned, and all of them were positive
the assassin wore a black hat. Were the
witnesses for the prosecution to be be
lieved and those of the defense denied
credence? - • - \-. <'
Assassin "Wore Black Hat.
. Contradictory Evidence in Case.
•The testimony of several of the wit
nesses for the defense was dissected at
length. By a singular coincidence all of
these observed that the assassin wore a
black hat, but none of them saw more
than two persons near Rice's body at tho
time of the shooting. One of these wit
nesses said the assassin ran first from the
scene of the shooting, while Buckley as
serted on the stand that he himself was
the first to run away. The speaker de
clared that the fabric reared by the de
fense was too frail and would not bear
analysis. ;¦
The facts tended, the attorney asserted,
to show that Buckley and his confeder
ates deliberately planned Rice's murder,
and that in defense the story of the two
strangers was manufactured; The day
had passed when men charged with crime
could secure immunity from punishment
by resorting to the old plea that, their
crimes were 'committed by strangers who
do not exist. The jury was asked/ to
weigh the evidence well, for to turn such
a man as Buckley loose would be an out
rage upon society. Then, turning to Buck
ley, the speaker extended his arm and in
a .voice trembling with excitement- ex
claimed: " v
"There, gentlemen, sits the murderer )of
George Rice!"
Buckley scowled and his face grew pale.
Dunne then concluded his argument with
the statement that only one. verdict and
only one penalty were possible in the case.
Attorney Frank J. Murphy argued 'for
the defense. He intimated that the prose
cution in the case was most unfair, and
expressed the belief that there was a hid
den force behind the prosecution which
prompted the employment of special coun
sel, when the regular counsel was ade
quate for all other purposes! The speaker
then alludedSto the testimony of Arthur
Cleve as being .unreliable because his
definition of an oath - was "to stick to
what you say." The lad denied • that he
had made certain statements at the Cor
oner's inquest, notwithstanding his testi
mony, was taken down in shorthand by. a
competent stenographer.; All this tended
to prove that the testimony of the boy
Cleve, who positively identified Buckley
as the murderer, was absolutely unrelia-.
ble. The same was said of the testimony
of Erline Piatt, who said she attended
school every day of the week of the mur
der, although it was a fact that there wag
a school vacation for a week prior to the
assassination. Was it reasonable • to ac
cept the testimony of such witnesses and
hang a human being thereon?
Dunne reviewed the circumstances at
tending Buckley's arrest while running
from the scene of the crime and of his
conflicting statements made to the police.
That many- of his statements were false
his own testimony showed. That he had a
motive in concealing the truth was also
apparent. Witnesses Piatt and Cleve both
positively identified Buckley as the mur
derer, because he was the man who clung
to the first stanchion of the car, because
he had a scratch on his right cheek and
because he wore a white hat, faded gray
clothes and yellow shoes. Buckley admit
ted having been wounded on the cheek by
a piece of wire on the day of the mur
der and that he held on to a stanchion on
the forward end of the car until Twen
tieth street was reached. \ *¦ .
The arguments In the Buckley ' murder
case attracted a large crow™ to Judge
Lawlor'a courtroom yesterday. Among
the spectators were numerous union men
and others who are apparently deeply in
terested in the outcome of the case. . -.••¦
The opening argument "was made by At
torney Peter F. Dunne, who reviewed the
facts of the case at length. He contended
that there was no doubt that Rice's deatn
was the result of a prearranged plan and
that the man who did the shooting was a
passenger on the Howard street car and
wore a light hat. Rice was confronted
with' Buckley twipe | within . twenty-four
hours after the shooting, and while th«
dying man could not identify
Buckley as his assailant he was positive
that the man who did the shooting wore
a white hat. This Btatement is corrobo
rated by that of many witnesses, all of
whom agreed that the assassin wore a
light soft hat. •
Arguments Will Close and
Case Be Submitted to
Jury To-Day.
Testimony Given at the
Trial Criticized by ;
Attorneys.
LAWYERS ARGUE
BUCKLEY CASE
Felines of Undoubted Lineage Will Be Shown to the Public for the First Time.
Home Pets Are to'Be Benched and Valuable Prizes Awarded to the
Owners-— Society Worries Are Taking a Deep Interest in the Affair
ARISTOCRATIC TABBIES TO APPEAR
AT COMING CAT CLUB EXHIBITION
WHIP TACTICS OF JOCKEY BULLMAN
CAUSE DISQUALIFICATION OF MARCATO
Articulate Revels in the Muddy Going and Runs Away From His Company in
the Fruitvale Handicap— Joe Frey Runs an Ordinary Looking Race.
Duckoy Splashes In Before Tower of Candles— Tiburon Takes a Purse
OVERZEAIXJUS In his effort* • to
win the last race on the card at
Oakland yesterday with Marcato,
Bullman threw discretion to the
winds and after beating: Constable
out half a length hi* mount was disquali
fied by the judges. At one time Marca *°J
the Burns & Waterhouse entrjs touched
3 to 1 in the betting, when a well directed
bombardment forced the price down to S
to 5 Under this steady fire the pencU
crs raised the odds against Constable*
which openc4 fav-crit« with Redfern up,
Xrom 7 to S M. U t« 5, The situation had
been sized up oorrectU% for it simmered
down to a <Uiv»e between the two horses
mentioned. FSstotinS it out head and head
below the paddock, Bunman, on Marcato,
drew his w«p and not only clubbed the
favorite to stSaaolat* him, but slashed
Constabl* over the head In an effort to
retard the latter"* progress* The idea
proved a success, for M&rcato beat the
l<-ht weight oat. Redfera claimed a foul,
¦svhictu, after considerable deliberation on
the part of the officials, was allowed and
iht race awarded to CcmsULMe. This ac
tion save Kilsar. a 29 to 1 chance, the
Place ;Ld Bil^jLvocs, *«»1 shot, the
fcI \vhfle form & "usually *ta discount in
racing over «. muddy a»d holding tracJt,
favorites naos>e thaa held their own, cap
tu'ing four .purses. T5ie books, however,
fared much better, not suffering such
losses as on the preceding day.
Speculators who banked on Joe Frey to
win the seven-furlong handicap have not
thrawed out yet. JSarty in the game the
Schorr horse fastened onto last position
and never relinquished his grip. Picking
up 100 pounds and ridden by Birkenrutn,
Articulate, the I to 5 favorite, ran circles
around his field, running in first more
than half a dozen lengths before Dun
blane. Afghan beat "roarer" J- Boggs for
the show, • ''--. •¦
Green Morris crack "nrad kicker
Duckov picked up a little more easy
money* in the foxmJi number. At odds of
2 to 5, the Brutus geiding ran over Tower
of Candles when ready, scoring at wilL
ilatt Hogan ran a distant third-
Only a short nose separated Altawan,
favorite for the two-year-old dash, and
Len Reno at the wire. Bullman, astride
the first choice, outrode Johnny Hoar the
last few yards owing to his superior
weight and strength- EHiston, from. Tom
Stevens' stable, finished a moderate third.
There were but five starters.
Following *Mg came a five-furlong
sprint for three-year-olds, with a field of
seven going to the post. It looked a toss
up between Evander and Malaspina and
S to 5 was quoted against each. Evander
proved sturdiest in the stiff going, and
rushed to the front by Bullman, was not
headed, ilalaspina was led out four
lengths for t>i<» place by Bassenzo, ridden
by Burns.
JCellie Forest did not perform as a 9 to
10 favorite should in the six-furlong sel
ling affair. Jackson had the mount on
the Magrane filly, but could never get her
among the leaders. Bunman, astride
Hilary, beat the gate, leading to the
stretch. Burns, with the 5 to 1 chance
Tibaron then assumed the front position,
scoring cleverly from Parsifal, a 15 to 1
outsider.
Track Notes.
Bullman was first on two winners.
Just before the starters for the last
event went to the post Green Morris pur
chased Kickumbob from Trainer "Dag
gie" Smith, paying $1000 for the gelding.
At least that was the price given out.
Lee Jackson let one day go by without
landing a winner.
Sir Thomas M. Fitzgerald of Melbourne
was a visitor at the track yesterday, the
g-uest of the jockey club. The distin
guished Australian surgeon is a great ad
mirer of the thoroughbred and was much
Interested in the sport as conducted here.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race — Five and a half furlongs, sell
ing; three-year-old maiden fillies.
Eva N 110 Luaga 110
3253 Knockings ...115, 3179 Tibs 110
3246 Annie Max. ..110 3179 Junrfrau 110
Second race — Five furlongs, selling; three
year-olds.
Lemuel 122 3256 Lento 122
<3226)Tyranus 119 3249 Sen. Bruce 122
3222 Ingo 122 3211 Prestano ....119
3246 Breton 115 3253 Montoya ....115
Third race — One mile and fifty yards, selling;
three-year-olds and upward.
BOXERS FAIL
TO MAKE MATCH
Lavigne and O'Brien
Cannot Agree on
Terms.
The officials of the Tosemite Athletic
Club tried to bring about a meeting be
tween "Kid" Lavigne and "Jack"
O'Brien last night, but finally abandoned
the matter.
For a time there was a hitch on
the question of weight, O'Brien wanting
to do 133 pounds at 3 o'clock and "Billy"
Lavigne, representing his brother, want-
Ing the same weight at 5 o'clock. 'When
there seemed a possibility of coming to
gether on the weight question another
obstacle developed.
Harry Corbett and the club officials
¦wanted to make an attractive double
card. To this end they thought to match
Tim Hegarty and Rufe Turner of Stock
ton, but wanted the 5500 parse' to come
out of the 'gross receipts. Lavig^ie and
O'Brien would net agree to this, and the
negotiations ended abruptly.
O'Brien fought Glbbs while weighing
about 140 pounds and might experience
eome difficulty in getting down to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: FBIDAYr FEBRUARY 7, 1902.
'.THE CALL'S RACING FORM XHART.
10
Odds and Ends in Hats.
We are having a clean-up in our hat department
. have taken all the odds and ends in cur 90-cent, $1.30 and
$1.95 lines and will sell the entire lot for
7 50c Each -
The hats comprise soft and stiff shapes that are
; broken' in sizes, colors arid shapes; no one line is complete,
¦ but the J hats as a whole represent every color, size and
style. The hats are in the windows — look at them.
Out-of-iown orders filled— write us.
¦ ¦ . ¦ . -¦¦:¦¦/• . v ¦ _
' ¦ '•¦' '- s * _ ' ' " .— '
718 Market Street.
|5K3 W X lEm" Boor wnm R^ hb GT^ m-'X!fc''i&J*&Z!^*M* .*.*.* ?!2f: **** -M'*: BfSAComplex Points involved in, tha
Schmitz-Mahony Controversy
Will Be Elucidated.
Presiding Judge Cook will - be . called
upon to practically decide this afternoon
the whole question involved In the con
troversy between Mayor Schmltz and
County Clerk JVIahony regarding the al
leged violation by the latter of the purity
of elections law.
Foreman Sonntag of the Grand Jury
communicated *with the Judge yesterday
afternoon and asked him to advise the
Grand . Jury as to the legal points In
volved in the communication ¦ sent to
them by the Mayor requesting them to
make a full and searching investigation
into Mahony's alleged violation of the
law. It was arranged that the Grand
Jury should visit the Judge in his court
room this afternoon at, a time- to be
agreed upon, when In open court the. fore
man will explain the questions on which
the jury wants to be advised, and the
Judge will elucidate them.
.— — : — . m ¦
Suit for Heavy Damages Filed.
William F. Thompson, proprietor of a
machine shop at 40 Main street, filed a
suit for '$31,115 damages for personal in
juries against the Market Street Railway
Company yesterday. Thompson claims
that as the result of Injuries to his legs.
received August 30. 1901, by being crushed
between two . electric streetcars, he will
be a cripple for .life. The accident oc
curred at the corner of Twenty-second and
Mission streets.v^jrjJ^Bjg
Illinois Postmaster Arrested.
Rollo. C. Plerson,. a defaulting: Post
master from Louisville, III., was arrested
yesterday morning at Upton, Slsklyou
County, by Deputy United States Marshal
Georjre Burnham on an indictment found
by the Federal Grand Jury of the Louis
ville' District of Illinois.' Plerson ia
charged with having- embezzled $1196 87 on
October 13, 1801, while Postmaster. H» will
be brought to this city to-day.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling. Exchange. 60 days U $4 85^i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables . . ¦...". • — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight ... V. — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic 1 ¦ -' 15
Silver, per ounce — . . 55^
Mexican Dollars, nominal...... 45 @ 45%
' Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were quiet
and weak. . Broomhall cabled that the river
Nile was very low and the prospects for the
Egyptian crop were accordingly poor.
Chicago was a shade' higher, but still very
dull. Small receipts and . light offerings made
the shorts cautious. The shipping houses were
taking some cash Wheat, but large operators
were generally working .on the short side. The
farmers were not disposed to sell. . Kansas
City wired that reliable advices from Southern •
Kansas and Oklahoma were 'bad, expressing
the opinion that those sections would not raise
a crop. . .¦ ' » ¦ . . •
In this market futures were weak and some
what lower on predictions of a southeaster.
Shipping- grades were quoted as before.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%; milling, $110
@1 12% per ctl. ... .
> " CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock-i-May 8000
ctls. $1 08%; 24,000. $1 08%: 4000. $1 OSVi;
December — iOOO, $109%; 10.000, $109:
Second Session — No sales. . .
Regular Morning Session — No' sales.
Afternoon Session — May — 4000 ctls, $1 08%
. BARLEY — Dealers continued to quote a firm
and unchanged market. , •
Feed, 92%c for choice bright, 90@01%c for
No. :i and 87%@88%c for oft grades; brewing
and shipping grades, 05@97%c; Chevalier. 95c®
$l'2O per cental. . ' . -, ¦
, , ?., CALL BOARD SALES.
'Informal Session — 9:15 ' o" clock— May— 6000
Ctls, 86c; 8000,' 85%c. . . . • ; 'H 0 .""
Second I Session — No sales.'
Regular Morning Session — No sales. ¦
' Afternoon Session — No sales.
. .OATS — The market has been very dull 'for
some . little _ time and quotations show " no
"change.." '-¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦•¦¦¦.. .. ..¦ • -:,/ ,->-,
Grays; $1-22%@1 30; whites, '$1 25@1 42%:'
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian. — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 6, 1902 — 5 p. m.
Tne following *re the seasonal rainfalla to
date, as compared with those of the came
date last season and rainfall in the last twenty
four houn:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hoars. Season. Season.
Kurek* 31.49
Red Bluff 0.50 14.02 17.16
Sacramento 0.06 7.47 13.32
San Francisco Trace 7.88 . 14.24
Fresno 2.C6 8.62
Independence l-3» •>•*'
Ban Luis Obiapo «24 25.63
Los Angeles 4.21 12.52
San Diego..--; 2.*6 5.34
Saa Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 48; mean, 64.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 24-12 Washington 20- 8
Cincinnati ..22-18 Omalia. 18-1O
Philadelphia. 22-14 EKiluth 8-4
New York 22-14 Chicago 14- 8
Kansas City 22-14 St. Louis 2«-20
Jacksonville 44-38 Salt Lake City... 40-30
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A disturbance of some energy overlies the
coast of Washington and will probably move
slowly couth ward. Rain has fallen from San
Francisco northward and high southeasterly
vinds are likely to prevail generally on the
coast Friday.
At Astoria a rainfall of 1.08 Inches is re
ported during the last twelve hours.
Southeast etorm warnings are displayed from
f-ar.ta Barbara to Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 7, 1902: -
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday, with rain and brisk southerly
winds.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather,- with conditions favorable for rain by
right; light northerly winds, changing to
easterly.
Nevada— Cloudy and unsettled weather Fri
day, with rain in northern portion with enow
In the mountains; brisk easterly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and un
»«>ttled weather Friday, with rain and brisk
southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
GBANDJT7RY ASKS ADVICE
FROM PRESIDING JUDGE
There was a fair business in local stocks and
bonds, especially in the afternoon, but prices
showed no pronounced variations from th« pre
ceding day. The oil stocks were also quiet
and unchanged. -
Oil stocks ex-dlvldend Yesterday were: Thir
ty-three, 10c. or $10,000; Imperial, 20c, or
$20,000. . ,
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Feb. 6-;-2:30 p. m.
UNITED .STATES BONDS. ¦,
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 112 112fci *s qr c (new)13» 139%
4s qr reg.... 112 • 112 Vi 5s ar coup.. 108 100
. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. 1 • .
Ala A W Co — — Oceanic 83... 100 101
Bay CPC Ss.lOO — • OmbusC 6s. 131 —
Cal-st 5s.. ..116% — Pac G. Im 4s. 0« 100J4
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&CH 6s.. 105 —
Ed L&POs. — — Pk&ORCs..ll7 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pwl-st R 6s. 119% —
Geary-st 5a. — — Sac EGR 5s. 05- 07 Vi
H C&S 5% s. — — SF & SJV5S.123
Do 5sh . . . . — — Sierra Cal tis.105 —
-L.AngrR5a.121 — S P of Ar 6s
LA Light 0s. — — :¦ (1000) .... — —
Do Btd OS. — " — (1910) .... — 114tf
Do jrtd 6s.l03?4104% S P of Cal 6s
L A & P Bs.101 103 (1905)Sr A. 100^109%
Do lem 5s.l01 103 (lG05)Sr B.lOO^i —
Mkt-st C fs.125% — (1906) ....112*!i —
Do lem 5s.l21%122% (1912) ....121VJ —
NRG 6a... 111% — S P Cal 1st
Do 5s 122 — c gntd 5s. 120 —
N.Pac C 5s.l0S%109% Do stmpd..llO}l —
N Cal R 5s. 112% — S P BrCal6s.l37 —
Oak. Gas 5s. 114 — S V Wat 6s. 113% —
Oak Trn 6s. 122 — Do 4s 102% —
Do 1st '058.110 Do 4s 3dm.l0i;£ —
Oak Wk 6s.. — . — Stkn Gas 6«.102% —
.WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73% 74 IPort Costa... 63% 66
Marin Co...t 59 ¦— ISpringr Val.. — 88%
V : GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light... 44 — ' •
Eqt G L Co. 3% ZV* Sac E G&RC 20 35
Mutual .. — % 4% S F & G E.. 41% 42%
O G L & H. 51^1 — San Fran... — «
-Pao ! G Imp.; 38% 39% r-tktn Q & E '8 — '
¦ . '.\ '\ INSURANCE. '. ;'. ',
Firem's Fnd. — ' 275 t . '-" .
. - V BANKS/ -
Anglo-Cal .. — 81 . L P & A 165 160 i
•California ..417-420 Mer Ex (llq) 18% — '
Cal Safe Dp.114% — • S F Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl..32O 850
• ; .SAVINGS BANKS. *
German ...1925 — iSav & Loan. — ; 90 '•:
Humboldt' . . — — Security Sav.305 850
Mutual Sav.; 75. 'Union Trust. — 2200
S F'Sslv U..512% — I
;.':„¦/;¦•: STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — , Market .....88 00 ;
Geary ......— 60 Presidio ....S3 45 '
- .. / POWDER.
Giant- ...... T7%. 78% I Vigorlt — 4%'
'. • SUGAR.- •
Hana ....... 2% Kilauea :..„¦ 0%— - ••'•
Hawaiian ... 38 Makaweli '.. 26 - 26%
Honokaa ... 11-12 Onomea .... 23 % £5W
Hutchinson . 13% 14%} Paauhau r. .. 11 - 12%
• . ; . ,. MISCELLANEOUS. .,./ ;
Alaska Pack.167 \ — »Pac A.FA. — : 3%
Cal Fruit As 97% 98 Pac, C Borx.165 -.
Cal. Wine As 97 98%!Par Paint... 18 - — .
. Oceanic S Co 36% 38 » ' \ . • , .¦ •
¦ ." .'., ' -Morning Session.' ¦,
$12,000 Bay ".Counties' Power "Co '&¦'.'. . . .109 00 T '
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,668 barrels; exports, 4119 barrels. Was a
shade more active and firm with wheat.
WHEAT — Receipts, 21,860 . bushels; exports,
67,057 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, SS'Ac
t. o. b. afloat and 90%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 86c f. 0/ b. afloat; No. 1 hard ManU
toba, 88^0 t. o. b.- afloat. A combination of
light receipts and less satisfactory crops news
Inspired moderate strength in wheat to-day,
with shorts leading buyere.' Afternoon realizing
had its effect for a time, but on a final return
of covering the market rallied and closed firm
at %@%c net advance, helped by export de
mand. March, 84Vi@84%c, closed 84%c; May,
83%@84c, closed 84c; July, 83&@83%c; closed
83%c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 'Invoice
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@I2c. Futures
closed steady, with prices net unchanged on
January and 5 points lower on all other op
tions. Total sales were 33,500 bags, includ
ing: March, 5.35c; May, G.50@5.55c; July,
5.70c; September, 5.85c; October, 6.90<2!5.05c;
November, 6c; December, 6.O5c: January, 0.10c
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 3-16c :
centrifugal, 90 test, 3 ll-10c; molasses sugar
2 16-lCc. . Refined, steady. .
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK, Feb. 6.— No new features de
veloped In the evaporated apples market to
day, prices remaining steady on a light Job
bing and export demand. State, common to
good, 7©8%c; prime, 8%@«%c; choice, 9%@
10c; fancy. lO^Hc. " .
A steady to firm market for California dried
fruits is noted. Prunes and peaches are meet
ing wlth-falr demand. Apricots are quiet
¦ PRUNES— 3%@6%c. •
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark. 8%@
PEACHES-^-Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled. 7U0
9%c. -
Supervisors' Street Committee to In
vestigate Alleged Violation of
an Ordinance.
The Supervisors' Street Committee de
cided yesterday to inspect blasting: opera
tions by Cushiner. 'Wetmore & Co. on Tel
egraph. Hill next Saturday at 2:30 p. m.
The Board of Works reported that blast
ing and excavating are now carried oa
in the roadway of Lombard street, be
tween Kearny and Dupont, and that con
tinued blasting is dangerous to life and
destructive ot property. -The quantity of
explosives used in a single blast varies
from three and a half sticks of dynamite
to eight kegs of black powder. There is
stored on the ground five keg3 of black
powder and one box of dynamite, which
is In violation - of an ordinance. Senator
Lukens stated that the report was Inac
curate, and the committee postponed ac
tion until after Its Inspection.
The Board of Works was directed to
secure necessary deeds and rights of way
for the construction of a culvert at Dia
mond and Berkshire streets if funds are
available.
An ordinance -was ordered prepared es
tablishing grades on the intersection of
tide land blocks bounded by China .Basin,
Illinois street, Central Basin and tne sea
wall.
The Stable and Carriage Owners* As
sociation was requested to draw up an
ordinance to regulate the alleged careless
handling of automobiles.
1 ? ¦
WILL INSPECT BLASTING
ON TKLEGBAPH HILL
New York Grain and Produce
"Raisins form the center of interest In this
lepartment. although no important business is
toted for either spot or forward delivery. The
r.arket tor both loose and seeded since the'
tnnouncement of the new Coast basis has
»een irregular, with quotations on the latter
showing a -wide range as to quality and bolder,
rher© are sellers of choice at 8%c and fancy
it S%c in Ki-oz. cartons, but most holders
juote fully %c above these figures for spot,
ind there is a decided disinclination shown to
•ell in quantity. Goods held here show a fair
profit in most cases at the inside figures, but
ihe lict that the cost to replace them isTiow
considerably above the higher values disposes
the trade toward a -conservative selling policy.
We hear of no purchases for forward delivery
;o buyers here on the new Coast basis. An
>utside interest on the Coast has fixed a sell
ing basis, the same said to be 7%c for choice
leeded in 16-oz. cartons. This, however, can
aot be confirmed at the moment. In loose rai
sins 3-crown is held by most holders at 6%c
U> 6>sc for spot. Two-crown is quoted from
f%c to 6%c, but prices are somewhat nom
inal and depend largely on holders and pur
;hase. Imported -Valencia layer. raisins are held
ground 7%c and show firmness, with stocks
light. The Ont&neda, now overdue, brings fur
ther euppliee — about 15,000 boxes — goods .offer
ing on about spot basis to arrive. Currants
tontlnue steady, with some inquiry reported
for fair-sired lots from the Interior. In a small
way it is believed a purchase could be made
tt SMiC. although holders generally quote
I 9-ltic to £%c for fine Amalla grads in bar
rels. ¦ •
"In peaches choice grades are meeting with
come inquiry. Spot is reported firm. Apricots
are also showing some firmness within the
auoted range. Prunes are steady on the spot.
».nd a moderate Jobbing interest i« shown with
in the quoted range for new Santa Claras.
Spot Oregon prunes are steady. Sales of new
Oreguns for forward delivery from the Coapt
ere reported on the 2^c four-size basis. In
dates the feeling is strong on Persians, but we
hear of no special movement to report. Fard
dates are somewhat easy, but nominally un
changed. In figs a fair Interest is shown, but
no special movement. In nuts we note a quiet
Interest generally through the list, with some
firmness to report on shelled varieties. '
Mail reports from New Tork say:
Dried Fruits in New York.
640 Cal Wine Association- '07 00
10 Giant Powder Con ;... 77 50
. 50 Makaweli Sugar Co 26 00
50 Oceanic S S Co, cash 37 00
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 101 00
100 S V Water 88 50
$3000 S V 4a (3d Mortgage) 101 75
Street —
40 Cal Wine Association 97 00
40 Contra Costa Water 74 00
$13,000 S F & S J V bonds 123 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Fakers' Assn............iC7 00
45 Contra 'Costa Water 74 ©0
30 Contra Costa Water 73 73
40 Contra Costa Water 73 87%.
60 Hutchinson S P Co 14 00
70 Hutchinson S P Co 13 87%
$4000 N P C R R 5s 109 CO
30 Pacific Coast Borax 165 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 00
110 S V Water 88 73
25 S V Water... .„ Is 50
$2000 N P C R R 5s 109 00
$5000 S F & S J V bonds 123 00
fiJOOO S V 4s (2d Mortgage) 102 50
$3000 S V4s (3d Mortgage) 101 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. n
Moraine Session.
100 Four ................... . 54
350 Homa OH ...".!!!"!!I"II!!!"!I 3 80
4000 Petroleum Center 05
40 Sovereign # jq
Afternoon Session.
1000 Four 54
350 Monte Cristo II. Ill" 1 40
300 Oil City Petroleum 20
5000 Petroleum Center 05
2C0 Sovereign " 19
100 Twenty-Eight .".II. 150
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher. 10 100 Sierra Nev... 18
S°« gest & Belch. 29 1300 Silver Hill... 70
20O Con Cal & V.I 35 200 Sliver Hill. .. G»
500 Gould £ Cnr. 13 200 Silver Hill... <5«
2C0 Mexican £J 200 Silver Hill ... 65 .
300 Ophir ... 8$. 300 St Louis 10
200 Savage ll 100 Union Con... 22
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 28 100 Caledonia ... 33
500 Chollar 13 200 Silver Hill .... 68
200 Sierra Nev... 16 600 Stiver Hill... 65
100 Overman 13 100 Occidental ... 11
900 Justice 11 1C0 Con Cal & V.I 40
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Se^lon.
300 Alpha Con Oi 60O Mexican SS
600 Andes 01 300 Mexican 3a
200 Best & Belch. 29 300 Ophir 8U
200 Caledonia .... 34 300 Ophir 85
lOOO Chollar 12 200 Savage U
700 Chollar 13 600 Silver Hill... 71
300 Con Cal & V.I 40 300 Silver Hill... C5
100 Con C & V.I 37% 200 Silver Hill. .. «W
800 Con Cal & V.I So 30O Silver Hill... 01
600 Con C & V.I 32% 200 Silver Hill... 6»
200 Justice 14 200 Union Cen... 21
300 Justice 12
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belch. 27 1200 Occidental ... 1«
500 Chollar 13 100 Ophir 85
200 Chollar 14 300 Overman .... 13
600 Con C Sc V.I 37% 200 Sierra Nev... 16
200 Hale & Norc. 2? SOO Stiver Hill... 88
600 Justice 12 300 Silver Hill;.. 66
200 Mexican 32 200 Union Con... 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Feb. 6. — t p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alta 04 05 Julia — 0-1
Alpha — 04 Justice 11 12
Andes 01 02: Mexican 31 32
Belcher fa 10 Kentuck 01 02
B«mL^t Belch. "27 23 Occidental ... 10 12
Bullion 03 03 Ophlr 85 Stt
Caledonia ... 32 34 Overman-.... 12 IS
Challenge Con 12 15 Potosl 14 15
Chollar 14 15 Union Con... 20 21
Con Cal & V.I 35 1 40 Utah 01 02
Confidence ... 60 65 Savage 10 11
Crown Point.. OS OS Seg Belcher.. 03 04
Exchequer ... — 02 Sierra Nev... 15 ltf
Gould & Cur. 14 15 Silver Hill... 69 70
Hale & More. 31 34 Standard .... — 3 SO
Imperial ..... 01 02 Yellow Jacket 06 07
Surprise, $1 40@l 45; black,- $1 12%@1 22%
for ¦ feed and $1 22%@1" 32% for seed: red,
$1 27%@1 37% per ctl for feed and $1 35@
142% for seed, ',.- .'-; - ' ¦
CORN — Chicago was steady. Local people
were . bulling. , the . market and the shorts - were
covering.; Elevator people %were buying at Kan
sas City. : Omaha wired that there . was a de-:
mand for seed, with ; sales for this account o'f
16,000 bushels at 92c. and that a scramble for
Corn was expected about, seeding time. .
This market continued dull and I featureless. ¦
Large yellow, $1 37%@1 45; small round
do. $1 50: white. $1 30@l 40 per ctl. ff
. RYE — Quoted at 85@90c per ctl. ,The feature
, of this market at the moment is the report
that t^e ship Clan t MacPherson will take a
-full cargo of 3000 tons to Europe, and. that she
has already taken aboard five 'or six hundred
tons here. ¦ It is further said that the cargo
has already been sold. .
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per. ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— Calif ornia Family Extras, $3 50@
S 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3@
3 35 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers, $3@3 35.
l MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Grfiham
rlour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice. Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream ' do, $4 ; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S5@S 35;
in sacks,. $0 50@8: Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, _ $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
I A decline In Bran and" Middlings was ex
pected yesterday, but It was not made, hence
quotations stand the same. . '. '
There was no change whatever In Hay.' The
market seems to" be hanging ' largely on the
weather. . • • "
BRAN — $18 50@19 50 ner ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20@21%0 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $19@20 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@2S; jobbing,
$28 60@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 60@32 50; Mixed
Feed, $17@18 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY — Wheat, $10@13 GO; fancy, $14; Wheat
and Oat, $10@13 50; Oat, 9@11 50; Alfalfa $8®
10; Clover, $7@9; Volunteer, -$6 50@9; Stock, $6
©8 60 per ton.
STRAW— 40@65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds. .
The Bean market continues flat and feature
less at unchanged prices.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 50; Small White,
$3 10@3 25; Large White, $2 75@3; Pea, $3 60®
4; Pink, $1 75@2 10; • Red, $2 25@2 60; • Black
eye, $3 50@3 65; Limas, $4 40@4 60; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@3 75 cer ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 85@3; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 75; Canary.
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah,
8%c; Rape, 1%@1%c: Hemp, .3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— N lies. $1 25@1 05; Green.
$1 25@1 SO per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market continues firm, although
the high prices have somewhat checked the
demand. Supplies are light and receipts from
Oregon show effects of the frost. There is a
firm movement in seed. Potatoes and River
Burbanks made a slight advance. , One car of
Sweet Potatoes came in from Merced, and
owing to the abundance of these . goods prices
declined sharply.
One car of Onions came in from Nevada and
were offering at $3 per ctl. with few buyers.
Although receipts of Southern Vegetables
were more liberal than usual • offerings were
hardly- sufficient for local requirements and
the market cleaned up at higher prices for all
descriptions. The steamer due last I night
had large supplies for to-day's market. Flor
ida Tomatoes and Peppers. are offering at $4@5
per crate. "
- POTATOES— $1 10@l 35 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Valley : Burbanks, $1 50®
1 75; Oregon Burbanks, $1 25@1 65; Oregon
Garnet Chiles. $1 40@l 50; River Reds, $1 50@
1 CO; Early Rose, for seed. $1 50@l 60; small
Burbanks, for seed, $1 35@1 45; Sweets, $1 30
®1 40 for Merced.
ONIONS— Oregons, " $2 25@2 75, ' first, hands;
Australian, $3©3 25; Nevada, $3; Green Onions,
6C@C0c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 8@10c; Green Peas
from Los Angeles, 8@12%c: String Beans from
Los Angeles. 10@20c, Including Wax; Cabbage,
40@50c per ctl ; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $2 per
box and $2 25@2 75 per crate; Mexican Toma
toes, $2@3 per box; Dried Peppers, 12%@15c
per lb; Los Angeles do, la@17%c; Dried Okra,
12%@15c per lb; Carrots, 35@50c per sack;
Hothouse • Cucumbers, $1@1 25 per dozen ¦ for
large and 50@75c for small; Garlic, 1%@2%c;
Los Angeles Green , Peppers, 20@25c; Mexi
can do, 20@25c; Eggr Plant from Los Angeles,
20#2oc; Summer Squash from Los Angeles,
$1 75@2 25; Marrowfat Squash, $8@10 per ton;
Hubbard Squash, $8@10,
Poultry and Game :~~
The Poultry market was firm under light re
ceipts and a strong demand for all kinds of
fowl from for the Chinese New .Year festivi
vtles.. One more car of Eastern came in, mak
ing the fifth received this week. Dressed Tur
keys were plentiful and sold well at steady
prices. Fancy. Hens were scarce and In de
mand and some strictly fancy stock sold over
the quotations, j
Receipts of Game were moderate and most
kinds 'sold readily. White Geese and Hare
were in oversupply. and dull. .
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 16@19c; Live
Turkeys, 13014c for Gobblers and 14<£>15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; dealings,
$2@'2 25; Ducks, $5@5 50 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens, $4 50&5 50; young Roosters, $5
@6; old .Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers, $4 60® 5;
Broilers, $4@5 f or ' large . and $3@4 fop small;
Pigeons, $1 25@1 SO per dozen for old and
$2 50® Tt for Squabs. -
GAME: — Hare, $1; Rabbits,- $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese,
$3 60; White Geese, $1@1 25; Brant, $1 50<&>
2 CO per dozen; Honkers, • $3@4 50; English
Snipe, $3; Jack Snipe., $1 50; Robins, $1 60 per
dozen. ' .
Butter, ' Cheese and Eggs.
On the Exchange Eggs were slapped down
2%o to 20c without much ceremony, and dealers
all along the street reported the market weak
and quiet, in spite of the comparatively light
stocks. The situation in a nutshe.ll Is that at
this time of the year the market is apt to break
sharply at a day's notice, as the output from
the ranches runs up very fast during the late
winter and early spring months, and dealers
dread being caught with large lines on their
floors. Hence the disposition is to give the fu
ture a liberal discount. Again, shipping orders
are small and receipts are much larger than
a fortnight ago, while there are already signs
of an accumulation in stocks.
'. The feeling in Cheese is reported steadier,
though there is plenty on the. market.
Butter shows no change. Stocks are moder
ate and the market is in very fair shape for
sellers, though a decline is expected along any
day. .-. . • . ¦
Receipts were 28,000 pounds, 14 tubs and 1
kejf of Butter. pounds of Eastern Butter,
066 cases of Eggs, cases of Eastern Eggs,
28,000 pounds of California Cheese, pounds
of Oregon Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese. : .
BUTTER— Creamery, 27%@2Sc per lb fo.
fancy,.27c for firsts and 25@26c for seconds:
dairy, 17 %©25c; store Butter, 14ij?17cper lb.
CHEESE — New, ll%c: old. 10<S>llc; Young*
America, 12@13c; Eastern, 13@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 21@22c for selected large and
19@20c for good to choice; store, 19c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges continue firm under : llghf receipts
and a steady inquiry for all grades. There is
a noticeable improvement in the sale of choice
arid standard varieties and fancy offerings sell
readily at full figures. Limes, Lemons and de
sirable sizes of Grape Fruit meet with fair de
niund at sustained prices. There will be 4 or 5
cars of Oranges offered at the auction to-day.
Three cars of Bananas arrived from New Or
leans and sold readily at the quotations.
Apples continue to move well at unchanged
prices. ¦ ¦
DECIDUOUS FRUITS. - . '-,'; . '
APPLES — $1 50@2 per box for extra, 75c
©$1,25 for good to choice and 25@60cfor or-
PEARS — From cold ; storage, 76c@$2 60 per
box. * "... •
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel" Oranges, 75c@$l 25
for standards, $1 50@2 ' for choice and $2®
2 75 -for fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Tange
rines. $1 7502: Japanese Mandarins. $2 25©
2 50; Mediterranean Sweets. $1@1 50; Lemons,
60c<g$l-for common and $1@1. 50 for good to'
choice, and ?1 70@2 50 for fancy; Graoe Fruit.
$1@2; Mexican Limes, $4@5; Bananas, $2@2 75
per bunch for New Orleans and $1 25@2 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
.The markets everywhere are • now quiet, but
there is no large supply anywhere, and the
feeling continues firm all around.
FRUITS— Apricots, •7@8%c" for Royals and 8
@13c ! for standard . to _ fancy Moorparks ; Evap
orated Apples.. 8@8%*c; sun-dried, - 4@4%c;
Peaches,- 5@7%c; Pears. 4%0>S%a; Plums,
pitted, 4@5%c: unDitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 50
5%c for red and 6%®6%c for white; Figs, 3c
tor black and 00@75c per box for white.
PRUNES — 1001 crop are quoted as follows :
30-40's, ,6@6%c;'40-5(#s. 4%@5Vic; 50-60's, 4%
@4%c; 60-70's, ; 8%@4%c; 70-80's, 3%@3%c;
80-00-s. 2?;@3%c; 90-100*8. 2%®2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, ' 6%c for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless: 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown,, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 6%c for unbleached and 7@
8%cfor bleached •"* Clusters — Imperial, $3; De
hesa ¦ $2 50; Fancy, : - $1 75; London Layers,
$1 25®1 35. i. ' ¦>.-:.—,.*.
¦ ¦4 NUTS — Chestnuts, ll@12c; -Walnuts, No.'l
softshell, 9%c; No. 2.8@8%c; No, 1 hardshell,
9c;-* No.' 2,- 7c; Almonds, 10%@12o , for, paper
shell. Ofi 10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard-
. LIVERPOOL.
¦ 'Wheat— March. May.
Opening • 6 1% 62 '
Closing ...6 1% 6 2
PARIS.
Wheat—- Feb - May-Aug.
Opening '21 45 22 50
Closing 2150 22 50
Flour—
Opening ..26 95 28 20
Closing 26 90 28 20
Neiv York Metal Market.' ,
- - ¦ s ¦ - - - . . ¦
¦ NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— Copper was higher to
day and active in point of actual business at
the Metal Exchange and by private sales.
About 6,000,000 pounds of lake and electro
lytic for delivery all the year in lots of about
500,000 pounds a month was offered for sale
at 13c. Actual sales reported on change was
25,000 pounds. Sales of electrolytic Included
30,000 pounds February delivery and 30,000
pounds March delivery at $12 50. Casting for
February-March delivery was offered at 12%c,
with 12%c bid. The local market for copper
closed with lake at 13@13.20c, electrolytic At
13c sellers, and casting at 12%@12%c. The
London market closed £2 12s oa higher at
£55 for spot and £54 15s for. futures. , ;
Tin was higher here at $24 40@24 50 and
£1 15s better -In London, where spot closed
at £111 15s and futures at £106.
Lead was dull and unchanged here at $4 10.
The London lead market closed 5s lower at
£11 7s 6d. '¦
Spelter closed very dull here and unchanged
at $4 20, but London was 2s 6d higher at
£17 IDs.
The iron market was steady but unchanged
at New. York. Glasgow closed at 49s 6d and
Mlddlesboro closed at 45s 4%d. '
Piglron warrants closed here at ll@12c; No.
1- Northern foundry," $16 50@17 50; No. 2
Northern foundry, $16@16 75; No. 1 Southern
foundry, $16@16 50; No. 1 Southern foundry,
soft. $16816 50. - ¦ ¦¦
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. — The cotton market
closed steady, with prices net 4 to 9 points
higher.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. *
.CHICAGO. Feb. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1.0,
000, including 600 Texans. ' Good to prime
steers, $6 60@7 20; poor to medium-. $4@6;
stockera and feeders,* $2 50@4 50; cows. $1 25
@5; fcelfers, $2 60@5 25;*canners.-$l*25<g!2 25;
bulls, $2 50® 4 60; calves, $3@7 50; Texas fed
steers, $4(g>5 50. < - i
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 30,000; to-morrow,
30,000; left over. 5000. Strong to 5o higher;
mixed and butchers. $6@6 50; good to choice
heavy $6 40@6 60; rough heavy, $6 10@6 30;
light $5 90@6 10; bulk of sales, $6 10@6 35.
• SHEEP — Receipts, 12,000. vSheep and lambs,
strong. Good to choice wethers, $4 60@5 30;
fair to choice mixed, $3 80(£p4 60; Western
sheep and yearlings, $4 25@5 65; native lambs,
$3 50@6 35; Western lambs, $5 25@6 35. .
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Feb. 6. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 1000. Market steady; natives, . $3 50®
4 60: cows and heifers, $4 50® 5 50; veals, $3 60
@6 50: stockers and feeders, $2 50®-l 75.
HOGS — Receipts, 10,000. Market 10c higher;
light and light mixed, $5 80®0 30; medium and
heavy, $6 10@6 65; pigs, $3(505 05.
SHEEP — Receipts, 800. Market 10@15c
higher.
Northern Business.
PORTLAND, Feb. 6.— Clearings, $.388,579;
balances, $54,919.
SEATTLE. Feb. 6.— Clearings, $378,215; bal
ances, $66,952.
TACOMA, Feb. 6. — Clearings, $207,946; bal
ancci, $33,000. . ' ...
SPOKANE. Feb. 6. — Clearings, $222,228; bal
ances, 540,598. ¦ . ,
Northern Wheat Market.'
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Feb. 6. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 64®64%c; club, 64c; bluestem, 65c.
The total wheat shipments (flour included)
from this port for the weekending to-day were
180.625 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. C^r-WHEAT— Quiet . and
nominally unchanged; bluestem, 64%c; club,
63%c.
Foreign Markets, i v -' ¦
LONDON, Feb. 6.— Consols, 01 11-16; silver,
25%d; French rentes. lOlf 27 %c; cargoes ou
passase, very Inactive; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 30s 9d; KngUsh country mar
kets, quiet. . ¦-¦- - - •
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 6.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, Cs 3d(SCa 3%d; wheat In
Paris, weak; flour In Paris, weak; French
country markets, firm; weather In England,
fine but cold. -
COTTON — Uplands, 4 0-16d.
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nut*.
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50@5. • s»w:-«H
HONEY— Comb, . ll@12c for i bright and 10<it
lie for light amber; water* white extracted!.
5@6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.'
Provisions*.
Chicago was quiet, but without feature. This
market continued dull and unchanged. '.'
' CURED, ME ATS— Bacon, ll%c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium, 13c for. light.
14c fcr extra light and 14%@15c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12@12%c:
California Hams, ll@12c;.Mess Beef. $9 50(9
10 per barrel: extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family.
$11 50@12; prime Mess Pork, $15; .extra clear.
$22 50@23; Mess, $18 00® 19; Smoked Beef.
13%@l4c psi- pound.
.LARD — Tierces, quoted at Sc per lb for com
pound and 10%@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure. ll%c; 10-lb tins, U%c; 5-lb tlns,.ll%c;
3-lb tins. 12c. . '•.: ?V •-¦ s I. i -,-. •.¦._-*¦
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; thr**
half -barrels, 10c; one tierce. 0%c; two tiercea
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The private circular of W. B. Sufnner & Co,
says: "The Wet Salted Hide market is dull at
lower prices. No serious decline is anticipate.!,
but it is conceded on all sides that the reduc
tion In prices is justified and In keeping with
the. poor condition of the Hides now being re
ceived. Sound Salted Hides are eagerly sought
after and prices on them are well maintained.
Dry Hides are in exceptionally good demand.
Horse Hides are much sought after. There Is
every indication that the demand and present
prices will continue for some time. Buckskins
are in short supply and are wanted. Goatskins
sell readily. Sheepskins are In better demand
at a small advance In prices."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands stll
about l%c under -quotations. Heavy salted I
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, OUc;
I Salted. Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 10%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip. 14@15c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, . shearlings. 15® 30c
each; short Wool. 40@60c each; medium, Koijj)
75c; long Wool, 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75@3 for large and $2 50 for medium,
$1 75@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease. Z%@3c. .
WOOL — Fall, San Joaquin, 6@8c; San Joa
quin Lambs', "7%@8%c; Middle County, 8@10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring. 15@15%c; do,
fall. 14<915c per lb.
HOPS — 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good- to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
for shipment. , • . .
V —
San Francisco Meat Market.
Some especially desirable small Hogs are
bringing 6%c, but they are too few to establish
this figure as a quotation. At the same time
the market is' firmer, and quotations are a frac
tion better, as will be seen. Arrivals are light.
The other meats show no change.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers 1
are as follows:
BEEF — 6%@7%c for Steers and 6@7o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 8@9c; small. 8@10c per lb.
, MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes, 7%@8c
per lb.
LAMB — Yearlings, 9@9%c per lb; Spring
Lamb, lie per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs,
6c; under 150 lbs, 5%@5%c; soft Hog3, 5@5%c;
sows. 20 per cent oft; boars, 30 per cent off,
and stags, 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations; dressed Hogs. 7@8%c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c. . -
COAL< — Wellington, $9 . per ton; Southfield
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $8 50; Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 60; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
; Welsh Anthracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs
and $8 SO per ton, according to brand. -
OIL — California. Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
70c; r-ure. $1 20: Linseed Oil. in barrels,
.boiled, 76c; raw, 74c; cases, 6c more; Lucol.
66c for boiled and 64c for raw, in barrels;
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. 80c.
cases, 95c: China Nut. 57%@C8c per gallon;
.pure . Neatsfoot, . in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c;
Sperm, pure, 65c: Whale Oil. natural white,
40@50c rer gallon; Fish Oil. barrels. 37 %c:
cases, 42%c; Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for
Ceylon and 6S%c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c; Astral,. 20c-
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene'
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline.' In bulk, 15c; In
cases. 21%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases
20%c; SU-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; in
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon In eases and
61c In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.05c*
Powdered, 4.80c; Candy Granulated, 4.90c; Dry
Granulated, 4.80c; Confectioners" A, 4.8Oc-
Fruit Granulated, 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only), 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more: boxes, 60c more
60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos
half- barrels, 5.30c; boxes, 5.65c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6.
Flour, qr sks... 28,937 Middlings, sks.. 476
•Wheat, ctls .... 13.180 Potatoes, sks .. 1.099
Barley, ctls .... '8,521 Corn, ctls ...... : 643
Oats, ctls H7O Tallow, ctls .... 208
Rye, ctls ... 8,945 Sugar, ctls 1,641
Shorts, sks .... 12 Leather, rolls .. 69
Wool, sks \ 51 Wine, ?rals 73,300
Straw .tons .... 10 Quicksilver, flsk 3S
Hay, tons 645 j Pelts, bdls .... 4,287
Beans, eks 337 (Hides. No 244
Bran, sks 1,568'Lime, bbls ..... 273
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 4,0S0[ Flaxseed. ska .. 2.743
Bran; sks ...... 3,4,00l
The London Grocers' Gazette of January 18
»3"S of the salmon trade: "Renewed activity
las been experienced in the salmon market this
reek, all descriptions being inquired fpr. The
ntuation has been helped . by the fixing of
Iresh price*, of the 1901 pack, now on the way
o this country. t>F the British Columbia Pack
rs' Association. Theso prices, though below
2ie scale previously fixed by the association.
ire about equaJ to the rates ruling for spot
foods, and the result will probably toe that a
iteady demand will prevail, as there will thus
»e no discrepancy between the prices ruling for
tew and old season's goods. In Liverpool the
lemand during the week has 'been good, and In
riew of the result of the meeting of the Fraser
River combination, prices have advanced lid to
U per case. Half-pounds are In specially good
nqulry. and Alaska has also participated in
2)6 demand."
English Salmon Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— The stock market
showed considerable animation to-day and^thrf
dealings were much better distributed than,
for eeme time past. There were stocks which'
huag back and some which fell away on profit
taking after recent considerable advances, but
the general - tone of the market was strong,"
There was a feeling that the improved condi
tions, were due to some development .not gen
erally known and the professional traders., who
In fact did not know what they were, were:
among the largest buyers on the supposition
that others who did know were 'in the market
with them. These surmises had to do to a large
extent with possible developments In tne suit
against the Northern Securities Company. Con
fident expressions were heard, but on anony
mous authority, tHat the decision of the Su
preme Court- was made up against the admis
sion of the suit to argument. The supposi
tion also found expression that the -projectors
of the great merger have an alternative plan
to fall back on In case of the declared-illegal
ity of the present company.' It is argued that
a foreign corporation might hold the securi
ties of the United States corporations and be
outside the Jurisdiction of the United States
law. The reported formation of a leasing com
pany to control Metropolitan Street Railway on
& guarantee of the dividend was not of much
benefit to that 6tock. but ! the evidence thus
given of continued planning on the part of capi
tal toward development was an influence toward
epeculatio. A social gathering of millionaires
in Philadelphia was also made much of. espe
cially as men rated as antagonistic were re
ported to be present on affable terms. The im
portance attached to such unsubstantial con
jectures indicated the continued predominance
of professional operations in the market. The
traders also made much of the reduction in
the discount rate of the -Bank of England as
promising a relaxation of the pressure upon
New York for gold. Of the day's movements
In detail. Southern Pacific was largely In the
hands of the same speculative Interest which
has been dealing in it recently, and the move
ment in Pennsylvania was also attributed to
this operator. The Vanderbllts. as a group,
were all strong. Lake Erie and Western prefer
red showing a gain of 6 points. United States
Express made a further advance of 7% and
Third Avenue gained 7%. Proflt-taklns made
the closing somewhat Irregular, but the Inroads
upon prices were not extensive.
The bond market was active and broad and
showed general advances. Total sales, par
value, $4,555,000.
United! States 3s declined \i per cent on the ;
last-call*- --.-,,.'-^--_-- -.--¦
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. J
Sales. Hljh. Low. Close.
Atchison 14,300 77%" 77 77%
Atchison Pfd ..... 2.800 97% 97% 97%
Bait & Ohio . 15,200 104% 103% 104%
Bait &' Ohio pfd »«%
Canadian Pacific... 3,800 115% 115 115%
Canada Southern . 2,400 . 88% 88 88
Chesap & Ohio ... 400 48 45% 48
Chi & Alton" 1,100 34% 33% 34
Chi & Alton pfd.. 700 75% 75% 75%
Chi Ind & Louis.. 2.600 64% 53 63%
Chi Ind & L pfd.. 500 77 76% 76%
Chi & E Illinois.. 100 142 142 141%
Chi & Great W 1,000 23% 23 23H
Chi G W A, pfd.. - 83%
Chi G W B pfd.. 100 45% 45% 44%
Chi & Northwesta. 9,5W 223 218 222%
C R I & Pacific. 9,400 1C5% 1(53% 164%
Chi Term & Tran. 200 17 17 16
Chi T & Tran pfd. 1,600 32 31 31
C C C & St Louis. 9,100 105 101% 104%
Colo Southern ..;. 700 10 15% 15 j*
Colo South 1st pfd. 1.100 06% 65% 65%
Colo South 2d pfd. 1,500 32% 32% 32
Dela & Hudson ... • 173
Del Lack & West.. »00 292 283 280
Denver & P.Io G.. 2,500 45 ' 42% 44%
Denver & R G pfd. 3,900 93% 92 93%
Erie 12,500 39% 33% 39%
Erie 1st pfd 2,400 70 ea% 6»%
Erie 24 pfd SOO 57 SOVi 5GV&
Great North pfd..' 187
Hocking Valley .. 200 63% 63 (58%
Hocking Val pfd.. 200 84% 83% 83
Illinois Central ... 18,300 140% 137% 139%
Iowa Central 10,000 42% 40% 43
Iowa Cen pfd .... 2,700 77 74 76%
Lake Erie & W... 2,900 71 69 71
L Erie & W pfd.. 1,000 138 133% 137
Louis & Nash 6,000 104% 104% 104%
Manhattan L 10,300 136 135% 135%
Metropolitan St Ry. 19,500 176% 171% 171%
Mexican Central ..5,800 29% 28% 29%
Mexican National . 4,700 17% 17% 17%
Minn & St Louis.. 600 108% 107% 107%
Missouri Pacific .. 24,400 103% 102% 103%
M K & Texas ... «jOO Zi% 24% iMJi
.M K & T pfd.... 800 ."..{ 52¥. 52%
N J Central 200 195 195 195
N Y Central 14.400 164% 162% 163%
Norfolk & West.. 1,900 56% 5(i% 56%
Norfolk & W pfd 92%
Ontario & Western. 4,200 34% 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 52,3»0 150% 149% 150%
Reading 36.300 57% &<;,y s 57
Reading lft pfd .. 2.000 82% 81% 82%
Reading 2d pfd ... 9,400 64% 63% 63%
St Louis & San F. ; 000 «3 62% 62%
£t L & S F 1st pfd. ' 200 83% 83% 83%
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1.800 75% 74% 74%
St Louis S W • 2«%
St L S W pfd ... 900 58% 58% 58%
6t Paul ... ...... 48,000 .106% 165% 166%
St Paul pfd ....... 700 190% 188% l»0
Southern Pacific ..83,100 67% 64\ 65tf
Southern Railway. 3,200 33% 32% • 82%
Southern Rjrpfd :. 1,600 95 94% 94%
Texas & Pacific.. 700 38% 38% 38%
Tol St L & West. 1,900 21% 21% 21%
Tol St L & W pfd. 9,200 40 39% 3914
Union Pacific 49,500 103% 102% 102%
Union Pacific pfd. 1,500 88% 89% 89%
Wabash 6,100 23% 23 2.1%
Wabash pfd 4,900.. .«% 43%, 43%
W & Lake Erie... 1,500 '^18% 13 18
W & L E 2d pfd.. 400 '80 29 29%
Wlnconsin Cen ... 1,100 2T 20% 20
WIscon Cen pfd... ' 800 41% 40% 40%
Express Companies —
Adams ..*. 205
American 300 227 225 227
United States .... -3,000 ,124% 119 121
Wells Fargo * •-., .... 193
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper... 26,400 75 73% 74^
Amer Car & F 200 29 28% 28%.
Amtr C & F pfd.. * 400 87 8G>» 87
Amer Linseed Oil. 100 22% 22% 22%
Amer L Oil pfd 47%
Amer Smelt & R.. 1,900 47% 47 \ 47
AmerS & R pfd.. 200 07% * »7& 97%
Anaconda Mln Co. 700 34 33% 33%
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 1,700 66% 65% 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 500 SG% 8C 85%
Consolidated Gas .. 1,600" 219 218 218%
Con Tobacco pfd.. 600 117 117 116%
General Electric .. 300 281% 281 280%
Glucose Sugar 200 48% 48% 4S
Hosklng Coal COO 16% 16 16%
Internat Paper 19%
Intern. Paper pfd.. 800 74% 74% 74%
Internat Power ... 87
Laclede Gas 100 91 91 90
National Biscuit .. .... 44%
National Lead 100 18 18 17%
National Salt 30
National Salt pfd 64
North American . . < 200 »3 03 92
Pacific Coast 100 74 .74 74%
Pacific Mail 400 45% 45% 45%
People's Gas 300 101 100 100%
Pressed Steel Car.. 200 41% 41% .40%
Pressed S Car pfd. ..: 83
Pullman Pal Car 218 •
Republic Steel 5,100 17% 16% 16%
Republic Steel pfd. 1.100 «9% , 68% ©3%
Sugar ...'... 48,000 129% 127 128'
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 600 64% 64 63%
Union Baar & P Co 13
UBag&PCopfd. 200 74% 74% .74
U S Leather l,»00 11% 11% 11%
U S Leather pfd... 800 81% 81 - 81%
U S Rubber 500 14% 14 , 14%
U S Rubber pfd 61
US Steel .. ... 20.500 44 43%. 43%
U S Steel pfd .... 16,700 93% 93% 93%
Western Union ... 8,800 91% 91 91%
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. 6.— Conditions for. wheat
traders was little changed. Cables, were only
slightly lower, early reports of the conditions
of the growing crops were rather favorable/
and May opened with some selling, %c lower
to unchanged at 77%@77%c and dipped to 77%
@7T%c. Profit-taking by shorts set In Boon
after the opening and speculators began to
change i front. A prominent trade . paper re
ported the growing plant* unusually suscepti
ble to weather conditions, which had some
bullish effect. May. gradually sold up and
fluctuated very narrowly. There was some
fear that the market might be oversold, but
some advances In the outside markets and
a slightly better cash situation as indicated
by a better exoort business at the seaboard
probably- helped most In the late spurt. Re
ceipts were so limited — only one car to-day
that bulls began talking of tenacious holding
by first hands, but though there was some
effect from this factor, the reports that ship
ments would be good If cars could be had
neutralized- thla Influence. May at one time
was selling at 78% c 'and closed after another
dip, firm, %@%c higher, at 78%@78%c. ¦ .
Corn worked the same .way as wheat. There
was some little bearish sentiment in lower
cables. Fluctuations ' were ] limited to a range
Foreign exports from this port In Januarv
rere $3,831,500. against $3,395,400 during the
e.me month last year, the leading amounts be
ng es follows: To Atlantic ports, $369,300;
Sreat Britain. $1,326,330; China, ?S35,742; Ja
«n, $389, 458; Mexico, $153,000; Central Amer
ca. $2t>8,S44.
Foreign Exports.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Bu«ei
market was firm. Creameries, 16©26%c;- Dai
ries, 16@22c. Cheese, steady. 99i@il%c. Eggs,
easy; fresh, 25c.
Articles — ' -• ' Receipts.' Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,000 - ' 35,000
Wheat, bushels 50,000 14, COO
Corn bushels 23,000, ,45,000
Oats" bushels 55,000 95,000
Rye" bushels 2,000 . 19,000
Barley, bushels ;.. 25,000 2G.000
Cash quotations were as follows: ¦>• -.
Flour steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 71@75c;
No 2 red. 83%@85%c; No. 2 oats, 45%@45%c;
No 2 white, 47c; No. 3 white, 45%@47c; No.
2 rye 62c; fair to choice malting barley, 61®
C4c; No 1 flax seed. ?1 70; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 73; prime timothy seed, $6 55; mess pork,
per barrel $15 80@15 85; lard, per 100 pounds,
$9 37%@9'40; short ribs sides (loose), $8 400
8 55; dry salted- shoulders (boxed); 7%@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 70@8 80; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 31; . clover, contract
grade. $9 40. •¦•¦¦¦¦-. ..->..
Exchange and Silver about the same.
Wheat futures weaker. Barley not materially changed.
A cargo of 3000 tons of Rye reported sold for Europe.
Oats and Com dull at previous- quotations. •
Expected decline in Bran and Middlings .fails to materialize.
Hay unsettled and depending' on the weather. - .
Beans and Seeds continue inactive and featureless. /
Sharp drop in Eggs. Butter and Cheese steady.
Dried Fruits quiet,. but firm everywhere. ..'.',".
Hogs in light receipt and a fraction firmer.
Provisions slightly higher at Chicago, but unchanged here.
Good demand for Salmon in England.
Potatoes and Onions firm. Southern -Vegetables higher.
Poultry ond Game in good demand. • /
More call for Oranges at firm pjiccs.
Local stocks and bonds featureless. .'-'-.-¦ V
Wall street stocks rather firmer. '
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Amer Loco 2,000 32% 31% 31%
Amer Loco pfd ... 1,100 92% 92 . 92 Vi
Total sales ...764,900
• CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s, Hocking Val 4%s.lO8 *
* reg :..108U L & Nash unl 4s. 101%
•do coup losvi Mex Cent 4s 82%
do 3s reg 108 do lst.inc .32%
do coup .ics > Minn & St L 4s.. 104
do new 4s reg..i;>y M Kan & Tex 4s. 99%
do coup ..139 do 2ds 82
do old 4s reg... 112 N Y Cent lets... 103
do coup 112 do gen 3%s...M08
do 5s reg 106 N J Cent gen 58.135^4
do coup 100 North Pac 4s 105%
Atchison gen 4s. .103%' do 3s 74%
do adj 4s 9:;t/» Nor f & \y C on 4S.103&
Bait & Ohio 43... 103% Reading 'gen 4s:. 9!)
do 3%s 0<Hi St L & I M c 5s. 117%
do conv 4s 10C St L & San Fran. 97%
Can, South 2ds. ..110% St Louis SW lsts. 9S» 9
Cent of Ga os 111% do 2ds 7U -
do 1st lnc 79% S A & Ar F 4s.»*91%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lOS% South Pac 4s 34%
Chi & Alton 3%s. t>4% South Ry 5s 120%
C B & Q new 4s. «0% Tex & Pac lsts.. 120%
C II & St P g 413.114 Tol St L & W 4s. 86
C & NW con 7s..l3S% Union Pac 4s 105%
C R I & Pac 4s.. 110% do conv 4s 100%
C C C & StL g 4s.lO3% Wabash lsts ;...11S%
Chi Term 4s 8(i do 2ds .112
Colo & South 4b.. 92% do deb B 69%
Den & R G 4s lOl'V* IVest Shore 4s 112%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 98% Wheel & L E 4s.. 0:1%
do gen 4s SS% Wls Central 4s... 88%
Ft W & D C lsts. 100 Con Tobacco 4s... 05%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ...... 20 Little Chief ...... 10
Alice 45 Ontario 6 75
Breece . .• 65 Ophlr 80
Brunswick Con... 06 Phoenix 04
Comstock Tunnel. 06 Potosl -12
Con Cal & Va 1 35 Savage 08
Dead wood Terra. . 60 Sierra Nevada. ... 12
Horn Silver 1 23 Small Hopes .... 38
Iron Silver 64 Standard 3 40
Leadvllle Con.... 06 • • '
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— " > U S Steel . ...43%
Call loans .3(<f4 do prefd 93%
Time, loans ...3%@4% Mining-
Bonds — . _¦. Adventure 22%
-Atchison 4s 102 Allouez .....;.... 3',i
Gas lsts 83 Amalgamated ... 74 V4
Mex Cent "4s 82 Baltic ". 39%
N E Gas & Coke. 55 Blngham 23%
} Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.630
Atchison 77^i Centennial 12^
-* do prefd '97% Copper Range.... 69%
Boston & Albany. 262 Jjom Coal 69%
Boston & Maine.. 191 Franklin : 15
Boston Elerated..l62 Isle Royale 22%
NT N H & H...210'/* Mohawk 85%
Fltchburg prefd.. 145 Osceola ;... 84%
Union Pacific ...102% Parrot 32
Mex Central .'.... 29 Qulncy 141
Miscellaneous— Eanta Fe Copper. 3%
Am Sugar 128 Tamarack 257
do prefd ¦ 118% Trlmountaln 23
Am Tel & Tel 157% Trinity 13%.
Dom Iron & Steel. 33% United States ... 17%
Gen Electric ¦....2S0Vi Utah 25
Mass Electric ... 83% Victoria 5%
do prefd .. . 93 V/lnona 1%
N E Gas & Coka. 4% Wolverine ....... 51
United Fruit 87%
LONDON "CLOSING BONDS.
Consols for money 94% < ..outs' & Nashvl.! .10714
Consols for ac- Mo. Kans & Tex. ,25%
count ........94 1-10 Mo, K & T pfd.. 54
Anaconda 7 - N Y Central 166%
Atchison 79V* Norfolk & Wstn.. 67%
Atchison pfd 100 Nor & Wstn pfd. 94
Bait & phio \.107% Ontario & Watn. 34%
Canadian Pacific. 118% So Railway 33 ft
Ches & Ohio.". 47% So Railway pfd.. 97
Chgo & G Wstrn. 23.% So Pacific ' 67%
Chgo. M & St P.1C9% Union Pacific ...105%
Denver & Rio G.. 44% Union Pac pfd... 92%
Den & Rio B pfd. 94 US Steel 45
Erie 40% U S Steel pfd 96%
Erie 1st pfd 71% Wabash 23%
Erie 2d pfd.. 57% Wabash pfd 44%
Illinois Central. ..141
- Spanish Fours, 77%. . : .
Bar silver, 25%d per ounce. ,
Money, 2©2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent. .
The rate of discount in the open market for
3-months 1 bills is 2% per cent.
London Market.
• —— ' . /
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial .•abl*<r.im says:
The suvk market to-day wai che-jrf-il on tie
more favorable war news from South Africa
and on the- reduction of the min'nvjTi rate cf
discount by the Bank of England frjm »% to
2 per cor.l. South African sto-jiw were r.irricu
latly &J'ive. American " issues romnlni'J ttarr
nant, but they were harder, with Southern Pa
cific the feature on New York having orders.
The stock here Is reported scarce. The coal
ers were also bought.
Rio Tlntos eold at 45% on the rise In Amal
gamated Copper shares. Copper eold at .£55
the ton.
Discounts fell to 2% per cent on the fall In
the bank rate.. Money Is scarce. The bonk
return Fhowii that the market has reduced its
Indebtedness by £1,750,000 by revenue collec
tion, but it had to renew to-day two-thirds
the Bum due the bank.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. — Money on call, steady
¦*t 2%@3 per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
4@4% per cent. Sterling exchange, firm, with
actual business In bankers' .bills at $4 87% for
demand and |4 84%<g4 84% " for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 85% and $4 88. Commercial
bills $4 83%@4 84%. Bar silver. 55%c. Mex
ican dollars, 43%c. Government bonds, weak;
State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balance's in the general fund
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance,- 5177,098,400; gold, $87,672,163.
of %@%c, following fargely the lead of wheat.
May closed rather, firm, %e up at 63% c. -
Oats had another flat day, but the tone was
firm throughout. May closed %c • higher at
*i%@-A4M!c. • ¦ ¦ ':':'. '¦'¦' ! :¦
Provisions were dull until ¦ just '. before ; the
close, when commission-house buying caused a
good upturn. May pork closed 17 higher,
lard 7V>@10c up and ribs' 10c higher. .
The leading futures ranged as follows :.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 19G2
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures,
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
11
. Articles — Open. High. Low.
Wheat No. 2— > . >;
February ....... ,....- ..... ....
Jay • 77% 7is% -77%
uly 78. • 78% . ,77%.
Corn No. 2^— I. •
lay. 63 63% 62%
uly 63 63Vi Gi^
September ..... 61% 62 \£ 01%
Oats No. 2 — '
Jay... *4 44% 43%
illy •.. 37% 38% 3V%
September 32% 32% 32%
Mesa Pork, per barrel —
,Iay 15 00 16 02% 15 85
•uly .1(5 00 16 10 15 90
Lard, per 100 pounds
day ........... 9 47%. 9 55 < 9 47%
uly » 57% 9 65 9 55
Short Ribs per 100 pounds —
Jay :.'. . 8>47% 8 57% 8 45
uly 8 07% 8 67% 8 57%
Close.
" 75%
78%
78%
• 63%
63U
-62%
44%
38 Vi
32%
16 02%
16 10
9 55 *
9 65 l
8 57%
8.67%
STATIONS.
: S : 3 : 9
¦ ' 2?
a"
Astoria 2».«8 46 40 SB Rain 1.28
Baker 23.94 38 24 SE Cloudy .02
Carson 29.88 50 34 SW Cloudy T.
Eureka • •• 52 .... .'
Fresno 30.00 04 36 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff 30.04 44 10 SW Cl«ar .00
Pocatello Id-.30.O0 40 30 8E Clmidy T.
Independence .29.82 50 28 SB 'Clear .00
Lo« Angeles.. 30.08 62 40 W Clear .00
phoenix 30.00 72 34 SE Clear .00
Portland 29.74 42 38 . BE Rain .00
Bed Bluff 29.92 52 46 8E CloudF .50
Rosebur? 29.78 56 40 SE Pt.Cldy .S«
Sacramento ...30.00 60 44 S Cloudy .00
Bait Lake SO. 02 46 30 W Cfoudy T.
Fan Francisco. 30.02 60 48 S Cloudy T.
B L. Obispo..30.10 62 44 N Pt.Cldy .00
Fan Diego 30.0* 58 46 W Clear .00
Fealtle 29.70 44 34 BE Cloudy .07
Ppokane 29.&4 36 18 NE Snow. .04
Neah Bay 29.56 44 40 E Cloudy 1.46
Walla Walla. .29.86 32 24 SW Cloudy .01
Winnemucca .29.88 50 32 NE Cloudy .02
Yuma 29.06 72 38 S Clear .00
T«n
rr.j^
, 7 a.
, xn. — 50.
STATIONS.
: S : 3 : 9
¦ ' 2?
a"
Astoria 2».«8 46 40 SB Rain 1.28
Baker 23.94 38 24 SE Cloudy .02
Carson 29.88 50 34 SW Cloudy T.
Eureka • •• 52 .... .'
Fresno 30.00 04 36 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff 30.04 44 10 SW Cl«ar .00
Pocatello Id-.30.O0 40 30 8E Clmidy T.
Independence .29.82 50 28 SB 'Clear .00
Lo« Angeles.. 30.08 62 40 W Clear .00
phoenix 30.00 72 34 SE Clear .00
Portland 29.74 42 38 . BE Rain .00
Bed Bluff 29.92 52 46 8E CloudF .50
Rosebur? 29.78 56 40 SE Pt.Cldy .S«
Sacramento ...30.00 60 44 S Cloudy .00
Bait Lake SO. 02 46 30 W Cfoudy T.
Fan Francisco. 30.02 60 48 S Cloudy T.
B L. Obispo..30.10 62 44 N Pt.Cldy .00
Fan Diego 30.0* 58 46 W Clear .00
Fealtle 29.70 44 34 BE Cloudy .07
Ppokane 29.&4 36 18 NE Snow. .04
Neah Bay 29.56 44 40 E Cloudy 1.46
Walla Walla. .29.86 32 24 SW Cloudy .01
Winnemucca .29.88 50 32 NE Cloudy .02
Yuma 29.06 72 38 S Clear .00
T«n
rr.j^
, 7 a.
, xn. — 50.
. Articles — Open. High. Low.
Wheat No. 2— > . >;
February ....... ,....- ..... ....
Jay • 77% 7is% -77%
uly 78. • 78% . ,77%.
Corn No. 2^— I. •
lay. 63 63% 62%
uly 63 63Vi Gi^
September ..... 61% 62 \£ 01%
Oats No. 2 — '
Jay... *4 44% 43%
illy •.. 37% 38% 3V%
September 32% 32% 32%
Mesa Pork, per barrel —
,Iay 15 00 16 02% 15 85
•uly .1(5 00 16 10 15 90
Lard, per 100 pounds
day ........... 9 47%. 9 55 < 9 47%
uly » 57% 9 65 9 55
Short Ribs per 100 pounds —
Jay :.'. . 8>47% 8 57% 8 45
uly 8 07% 8 67% 8 57%
Close.
" 75%
78%
78%
• 63%
63U
-62%
44%
38 Vi
32%
16 02%
16 10
9 55 *
9 65 l
8 57%
8.67%
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
OF OVER
100 \tKr e HORSES
First consignment from D. Miller. Modoe
County, and consists of the finest looking,
soundest and best boned horses ever shipped to
this city. They are suitable for all purposes.
They weigh from 1150 to 1500 lbs each. agfr»
range from 5 to 8 years. All solid in color,
gentle and broke to drive. Come and see them
and be convinced. They must be sold, no re-
serve. These horses are now on exhibition at
tha Exchance. -
" SALE TAKES PLACE NEXT
MONDAY... FEBRUARY 10,1902
- • Commencing at 10:30 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE, -
721 Howard Street. Near Third, San Francisco.
WM. G. LAYXQ. Livestock Auctioneer.THE SAN FRAjSTCISCQ; CALlLuj FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1902;
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. •
BRANCH OFFICES— tc'7 Montgomery street,
•corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
30(1 Hayrs street; open until 9:30 p. m. -¦
039 McAllister 'Street: ope.n until 9:30 p. m.
ni.5 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
19-11 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
entll 9 p. m.
103 Eleventh street: or-endntll 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m. . ¦
2200 Fillmoro street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Ccmmanflery No. 1. K." __ ,g._
T.. 8 Post et. — Regular assembly ."fcaH*
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:30 U"H
o'clock. All fraters courteously in- «»
rited. By order of 'he Eminent Com- J
mejjder. . HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
REGULAR mmins of the Caledonian . «y n.
Club THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock, CfwJ
Scottish Hal!. 117 Larkin st. •
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
6AN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. K.
O. T. M.— Review VHIS (FRIDAY) fi€i£&&
EVENING at $ o'clock. Pioneei |5/9cifs
Hali. -4 Fourth Bt t!^'.S"-ti5
H. H. CAPTLE. >gffiy
• - - * Record Keeper.
KORMA Grove No. 5, U. A. O. D.. meets *rtjj»
THIS (.FRIDAY) EVENING. 413 Sut- KT|3 .
ter fst. Initiation. .- •* 6 '
F. E. CALER, Secretary.
NOTICE of Meeting of Stockholders— Office of
the Union Trust Company of San Francisco. .
XCurobei 2 Montgomery street, northeast cor-
ner of Montgomery and Post streets. San
Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 9th. 1902— Notice is
hereby given that pursuant to a resolution
e-t the bo«id of directors of the Union Trust
Company of. San Francisco, a corporation,
adopted aa the. 9th day of January. U02. at
a meeting of. said board, duly held at the
office of eaid. company, in th«> city and coun-
ty of Saa Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia, a majority of the members
of paid board being present a meeting
cf the stockholders of said company will be
held at the office, and principal place of busi-
ness of eald corporation, to wit. In the rear
room on the grouud floor of the building on
the northeast corner of Montgomery and Pest
»trwts. known as No. 2 Montgomery atreet,
1c the city and county of San Francisco,
Ptate of California, said building being the
building where the board of directors of said
corporation usually meet, and said room bo
Ing the room in said building where the
stockholders of said corporation usually meet,
on THURSDAY, the 27th day of March.
JSW^. at 3 o'clock p. m., for the object and
purpose of thereupon considering and voting
upon a proposition to Increase the capital
Ftock of said corporation . from $1,250,000 00
• divided into 1250 shares of the par value
of $JCOO 00 each share) to $1,500,000 00 (di-
vided Into 1500 shares of the par value of
$1000 00 each share). By order of the board
of directors.
UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
fEesl) By I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL meetins — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Matson Navi-
gation Company- will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market st. in the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
THURSDAY, the 13th day of February. 1902.
et the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a b?ard of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. GEO. A. DOUGLASS. Sec
THE annual meeting cf the stockholders of tha
£ierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company. No.
229 Crocker building, city and county of
6*n Francisco. State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 10th day of February. 1902. at the
hcur of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before E.tld meeting.
S. M. RICKEY, Secretary.
Dated January 27. 1902. ..
A6EXTS W.JXTED.
"WANTED — Exper>nccd lady canvassers to ad-
vertise a food product: traveling work; salary
and expenpes; only those having had ex-
perience need apply. Box 3221, Call office.
WANTED — Portrait agents; wages and com-
mission. 326 Hayes et. ¦
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted; readings
by mall If desired- Raymond. 227 Taylor at
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
K. W. KXNG, atty.. Examiner building, room
€13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
Kages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; leeal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance chergee; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce* a Epedalty;quick:quiet;
no charge -without success ; established 16 yrs.
Op«-n evenings byappointment;phoneJohn31Sl
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale; partner-
*hir«?: deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless sue-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St. opp. Mason.'
L. S. CLARK, Emma Epreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
"WITH a capital of $5000 an agency for elec^
trie automobiles can be obtained. Address
1O» Sansome st.
BOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kisds bought; UbrariVs"purchased"
H. C. Holmes. J.149 Market: tel. Howard 1&46J
BtSIA'ESS CHASCES.
IS50; HO1IE restaurant ana~de!icatesEen store-
2 rooms; rent $30; near Geary and Leaven-
worth sit.; a good paying business. * rare
ILKE. 2CH Kearny st
A— $S00; DAIRY, produce and delicacy store
on Hayes Bt. : rent $20; living rooms; good
buflness. Call R. G. WILKE, -SC'^ Kearny.
A— $150; RESTAURANT on Fourth sU close
to Market; rent $30; good paying business;
value In eight Call R. G. VVILKE I'fjti
Kearny st
A— $3000 ;DRY Roods and notions store; best
location; stock will Invoice the price; sickness
compels owner to leave the city. Call R, G
WILKE. 264 Kearny st, '
A— $600; HALF-INTEREST in one of the best
down town saloons; rent $50; a good payinr
business and rare chance. Call R. G
WILKE. 2C% Kearny Et,
•A — $1000: PARTNER wanted in manufactur-
• \v! L K U r^^carn> n<1 Bt OfflCe - ° a " * G "
A— f"50; SALOON establ. years; close to Kear-
ny and Bush sts. Call R. G. WILKE 2b V.
JLearuy st. . . .' . ¦ '
A — $150; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth st. ; rent- $25; daily receipts about
%JLSg C gS Krn f y ° r s^ Vada - fo R G -
A— $306; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 liv-
ing rooms; best location In the Mission; rare
chance. Sec R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A — $1300; BAKERY on leading business street
in Western Addition; established 12 years;
fine living rooms; most store trade; baking
elx'Ut 2% barrels per day. Call R G
WILKE. 26>,S Kearny st.
A — $600; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters; a business clearing at least $2lK>
per month. Call R.-G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A "T& IGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat
Call R. G. WILKE. 2tiM. Kearny st.
A — $CO0; COFFEE saloon and restaurant- -es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain- call
soon. R. G. WILKE. 26'^ Kearny st. •
RYAN & O'ROURKE,- 819 Market.Tel.MInt 865
Room 31
40 fialoons. «22q, to $5000
5«) restaurants. ILJ50 to 6OO0
:w cfgar stands. $150 to '.'.".'.' 3000
50 candy, delicacy, notion, bakeries
5 partnerships. glOQ to 1500
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.
6 Eddy Et., rooms 18 and 19.
Kottls, restaurant*, lodging-houses, grocery
Etoies. oig-ar stores, • ranches, oil lands, leases
Money to loan on any of the above.
FOR sale at a great sacrifice; a liquor -store
and saloon on Sixth Et. ; must be sold with-
in three days. Call and make an offer Mc-
BRIDE &.CO., 765 Market St.. rooms 1 & 2.
$3000 — GOOD paying, well stocked grocery and
bar: North Beach district; long lease. Apply
WICHMAN. LCTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay st. '
5375 — DELICACIES and produce 6tore; near
new pt*tofftce; 1 rooms. H. C. DECKER
1020 Market Bt.
£?£5 wa L ter "ants a position or will invest
S1O0 or ?«;0 in partnership In small restau-
rant. Address box 34G1, Call office.
OUft "Compounding System" of turf spe'cula-
tlcn is th? eafe&t and most profitable ever
devised: average monthly profits over SO per
cent: explanation free. N. s. HAND & CO
Expert Handicappers. 113 Stockton et.
FOR SALE — $400; butcher shop; trade estab-
lished; good reafions for selling; no agents
Address BOULANGER. Market and Seventh
ets., San Francisco.
NICE cigar stand on water front for- sale;
$275, worth $500; come and investigate. 201
East st. ; no agents.
DRESSMAKING— A long established and suc-
cessf ul dressmaking business for sale. '. Ap-
ply at rooms 13."i and 136. Murphy, building.'
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $6
daily. Ask C L. HEDGES, 462 Parrott bldg.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued. ;
JOSEPH STRAUB,
850 Market «t, cor. Stockton,
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estat* Aeent. . ' .
• . Property bought and sold.
Rent* collected. . .
Loans negotiated.
Legitimate Business : .
Agent
Do you xrant to sell your business or do you
want a partner for legitimate business call on
above address. -
$13.000— PROPOSITION.
A first-class paying restaurant and bakery
in the best business part of the city; good
' place for: one or two good business .men; In-
vestigate. Call JOSEPH STRAUB, S50 Markt.
$1500 — BAR and merchants' lunch in .whole-
sale district; good paying place; Investigate.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Market, rms. 5 and 6.
$900— ! WINE and liquor saloon downtown; good
place for right party; low rent. JOSEPH
STRAUB, 850 Market st, rooms 5 and 6.
BEER and billiard hall on Market Et. ; very
reasonable: go and see it E Call JOSEPH
STRAUB. 850 Market at, rooms 5 and 6.
WANTED — Partner with. $500 in good paying
business', can draw out money In thirty
day?; no experience necessary. Address L.,
room 218, Emma Spreckels building.
FOR SALE— Electro-plating works for gold,
silver- and nickel; Instructions if necessary.
O. D. FQX, Masonic building. Stockton, Cal.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER, 021 Market st.
MACHINE shop for sale — Bargain; location S.
F. ; good reasons selling. 1120 Myrtle, Oakid.
.GROCERY and- bar, 4 living rooms; other bus-
iness. Corner Twenty-first and Alabama.
PARTNER, good paying business. Call at 567
Sixth st. . .
tCOO— FOR tale; the Palace Reetaurant, Val-
leja. Cal. : great chance. P.O. box 275. Vallejo.
LODGl.VG-HOl'SES FOR SALE.
120 ROOMS on Sanoome st $2000
100 rooms on Howard st 1500'
34 rooma; Howard st ".400.
44 rooms; Stockton st 2100
32 rooms; Grant ave '3000
25 rooms on fourth st $1000; good paying
- 16 rooms on Sixth Et $750; all full
14 rooms on Pine st $700; transient
38 rooms on Po well st... .$3200; good location
22 rooms on Powell "st.... $1500; good location
10 rooms on Geary at ..$1100; fine house
9 rooms on Sixth at $350; good and cheap
10 rooms on Mason- st.$750; any time; all full
50 more houses on list.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market et.
A — Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-S-0-V
MARION GRIFFIN. 71'J Market st. rms. 1-2.
• Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office.. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
?• FIVE SAMPLE HOUSES.
A 12 r.: N. of Mkt; rent $30; clears $35.5300
50 r.; corner; rent $100; clears $150 mo.. .2800
15 r.; N. of Mkt; rent $65; clears $60... 1200
32 r. ; rent $75; cor.; N. Mkt; clears $S0 mo.
23 r.; rent $40; income $110. ¦¦• 800
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE.
Call on US
.....'. Any House Sold on Payments
Call and Get Our Large List
...We Have Houses in All Parts of City...
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms $300
€S rooms; corner; clears $400 '. 3."00
1 7 rooms ; clears $75 ; only 260
19 rooms; rent. $40; .clears $tK) 450
10 rooms; swell; bargain : 800
13 rooms; very good; rent S50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO. ; phone John 531.
900 Market St.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
A — McDANIEL, SKIRM & CO., ~
993 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2811.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
Any house on our books on monthly payments.
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $90; Al
location; on Market st; only $1700.
23 rooms; elegant corner on Geary; select
roomers only; modern building; must sell
this week.
Select list of lodging-houses. Call before
buying.
A. CAMERON & CO. [ ~
850 Market at. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooma 21. 22. 23. . Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can
suit you; clear titles guaranteed.
Lodging-houses and flats from 5 to 10S rms.
Prices from $225 to $12,000; money loaned,
1% per cent. -
Boarding-houses from 8 to 88 rooms.
Prices from $S50 to $9000.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY
850 Market st (Inc.) Phone Davis 2S1.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels.
business chances and real estate.
We. furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to .lease.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ~~~ '
¦ 17 rooms: cheap rent: must sell.. ...... $575
SO rooms; rent only $75; nr. Powell St.. 1400
K3 rooms; corner; modern bldg.; snap.. 950
SO rooms; rent $80; reduced to 1800
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
HOUSES on Van Ness ave.. Ellis, Eddy and
other sts. N. of Market: cneap houses, high-
priced houses; real estate; partnerships; bus-
iness chances; mtgres. bought & sold; money
loaned at low rates; good exchanges. FISH-
ER & CO., 935 Market; phone Folsom 1592.
A— NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our liet first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
BUYERS or sellers — Call on H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market st He can suit you. ¦
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C.-V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seancg
Tues., Frt.. Sun., 8 p. m. : 50c. 1084 Bush at.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE. 10S Sixth St.; readings dally,
50c and $1: circle every night. 10c.
SWAN'S grand spiritual test meeting. 12.38
Howard, st. bet S and 9 to-nlsht.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests.
10e;- prophetic readings. 60c, SI. 132 Sixth.
MRS. VALENE, mod lum and palmist, will guide
you right; 50c. 1583 Market st; near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE, 32S Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-night; lOg.
clairvoyants!
A.. ..... ....... 50c^50c^56cTnT. .^A
PROF. BROCKWAY. Prof. Brockway,
1052 Ells., bet. Franklin and Gough.
Offers for a short time only readings at the
above fees to all presenting this clipping kt
his office and residence, between the hours of
10 a. m. and 8 p. m. dally; Sundays, 10 a. m.
to 12 r>. m. ¦
¦ ¦ Scientific and Exnert Life Reader.
Readings which for detail, exactness, truth.
Interest manifested in each individual case,
round advice and counsel are not equaled in
this city at any figure. Prof. Brockway tells
you what you want to know, eliminating all
unlnttresting features and not tiring you
witti matters entirely irrelevant to the case
in hand, as has been "the case in readings
you 1-ave had in the past. Prof. Brockway
reads your past present and future. •
• 50c— 50c — 50c.
KNOW THY FUTURE " ~ ~ ~ 4
• And Prospects for lf>02 by Consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
don-.tKtic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
Unites the separated, tells -whom "you will
marry, how to WIN • the man or woman you
love; how to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how to control or influence any one
you love or meet: no charge unless you find
him BUDerior to all others. Hours, 10 to "7
dally: 10 to 5 Sundays. . Reception rooms. 13
14, first floor,- 1104 — MARKET ST. — 1104. '
- Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zmkand'a.
MME.M. BERNARD, — ¦
THE FAMOUS'
Clairvoyajit and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third et. next Examiner bldg.
fihe reads your life correctly, gives an accurate-
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c'
up: satisfaction guaranteed..- Tel. -Black 4369.'
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket ct.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction 1 guar-
anteed by mail; tend stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and , Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past ;
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
cecret: shows picture future husband or wife-
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to /everybody;
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215^ Oth.
IFMAR. thj Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
q'jes.; full names: 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 "p. m.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune- teller; truth
or no pay; 50c. $1. 234% Sixth, st
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
, dies 2f>o; genta 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
50c. $1 — Prof. Weller. clairvoyant, palmist, card
reader;mail orders;stamp for circ. 1007^ Mkt.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
' reader. 1 1 6th ; German spoken ; tel. Jessie 1563.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana :
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
eplrit card reader; consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c.
CLAIRVOYANTS— -CoTittTined. : ;_
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING ; AXP CT.I^A^I^g>
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
renovated, relaid. 104 14th St.; tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE- Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCQM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
" reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 203.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating'Co.. 240 14th st. : tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency. Oth
floor," 910 Market Bt. : advice free. Tel. Bush
194: able body of attorneys. ¦
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGE S TO LET.
SUNNY cottage. 5 rooms and bath, large yard,
flowers, etc. 7S2 Capp St.. near Twenty-third.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T.S. HIGGJNS. 927 Market st. Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5' up. .
Painless extraction. •
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings .by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; pricss
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W.' LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flo,od bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
Vip; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st., cor. Mason-
Expert painle«s extractors; skilled operators;
gas given ; lady attendant. R. C. ANDERSON,
D. D. S.. proprietor and manager. ,
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;fllllngs,50c;
plates $5 full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth t.t.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bu.«h —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary St.; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate.. DR.' H. 57
YOUNG, 1841 PolR at. • . . ->¦
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815»i Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less ext. 50c: plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD' S SCHOOL i 6F~EL^CTRicAL~ENGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laoratory and shop -work; thoroughly
. practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free.
ATRES' Leading Business' College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE, 1236 Market 'st— Big
echool because it' a best. Our Gregg short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on
test. Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last week. / ¦
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
' all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day tind night; catalogue free.
A-^The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Pfielan building. ,
A— THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell at.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account' g; figures.
TARR. expert accountant. 220 Parrott bldg..
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 4O-45. Par-
rott bldg. ; individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— 'Civil, elec. mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day eve.; est." 1804. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
- new GO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
A— THE Leo Cooper "School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
C. HOFFMAN, the' European pianist.-, gives
thorough, successful instruction. 1017 Sutter.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH, French, etc.Prof.De.Filippe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Post ;estab'dl871 ;ablestprofa.
SHORTHAND taught by. mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION — night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.; S. F,;
fr.nnflgfl 1SP3: ttpw SO-noec ratwlngue free.
OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
Xnd waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Klnoshita, 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.'
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offlce. 415 Stock-
ton: tel. Grant 168: expert, reliable help. ¦
JAPANESE, and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence . Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.Chi-
°nese help. 420 Powell. nr.Sutter:tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT .WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS laundress (9 years last family)
wants situation in American family, only $*30;
first-class cook wants situation in American
or Jewish- family, $35; for particulars apply
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NOTICE to club and hotel managers— We have
a first-class woman chef, with first-class
Eastern credentials, who wants a situation
as chef; second cook wants $75 to $100.
Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPETENT, willing' woman will do house-
work or downstairs work; is good cook;
bread and pastry cook; Call at 112 Tehama
St., off Second. - i • .
COMPETENT English woman would like a
position- at .general housework in American
family; no objection to children. Apply 303
¦ Sixth st. ' • :. . •
TAILORESS desires position with tailor to
learn vestmaklng. „ E. L., 1 ' Call office, Ala-
meda. • ¦ " I
BY experienced woman, washing or house-
cleaning by the day; reliable and satisfaction
•• guaranteed. Laundress, 1747; Mission st. ¦
WOMAN wishes work by the • day, sewing,
washing or housecleaning. Address', 414
Jackson st • -. ,
REFINED young lady wishes position as sec-
retary or companion to invalid; some experi-
ence. Winchester Hotel, room 556. ¦ ' . ,
YOUNG woman wishes a 1 place to work In a
pantry in. hotel or restaurant. . Call or write
to 15 Minna st. : . .
WANTED— Home for- young girl '13; '-will do
light housework after school in exchange for
room and board. Box 3256, Call office.
RELIABLE girl wishes general housework
and cooking. ¦ Please call at 75 Pierce st.-" . .p
A YOUNG girl wants a -place to do second
1 work in . small family. Box , 3255.' Call.
COMPETENT nurse desires engagements by
the day or week; massage' by the hour;' 16
months' hospital training; highest references;-
1 terms reasonable.; Call 605 Telegraph ave.,
Oakland. '.¦:.' ; ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦;. •',.,¦
LADY would' like a position in a. nice family
to take care of l.'or. 2 children; can' teach
music and embroidery and help with sewing.
Call- at 711 Folsom st. - - / ** ¦
WOMAN would like position as working house-
keeper; city or country. Address box 3208,
Call office. . '
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG Danish' girl I ,wishe3 . situation • to do
housework or "second ' work"; city or country. .
932 York st. V .-.. . -' ¦ . '.
WINCHESTER House 4i Third st, near Mar-.
• ket— 200 rooms; 25c to '$1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus' and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; "received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
, subscriptions , has been established at 1006
¦ Valencia St..'.. • . * : .
EMPLOrMEKT 'WANTED— MALE. 1 V
YOUNG married couple wish positions, private
place, city or country; " country preferred;
man handy- about horses; some experience
¦ with gardens, chickens: * wife good handy
woman about house. Box 3235. Call office.
SOBER, • Intelligent, . industrious married man
wants steady employment as salesman, por-
t ter, night watchman or run an elevator;
good city references; wages $10 a week.
A. B.. box 3207. Call ¦ of rice.' ¦ '
HEAD .gardener, professional,' wl-th" much ex-
perience in the, best. gardens and nurseries —
tree and floral— wishes place as gardener, or
foreman for a cut flower concern; best of
..Address P. R., box 3257. Call.
2 FIRST-CLASS cooks would Mike positions as
first and second; hotel boarding-house . or
camp; country preferred. Apply at 63S Clay
St.; phone Main '1101. < ¦ .
STEADY man wants work; chores about house:
handy with tools; generally useful, etc.; ref-
erences; small wages. R." G., box 3207. Call.
BARKEEPER, honest, sober and reliable, de-
sires steady position; city or country. Box
3292.' Call' office. ¦
STRONG young man wants position: warehouse
preferred. Address box 3206, Call office.
EXPERIENCED oyster and short-order cook
wants place. ROMAIN, 1115 Market st.
YOUNG man wants to- learn bakery business.
Box 3253. Call office. .
POSITION wanted by an engineer and ma-'
chinlst with 20 years' experience; , nothing
¦ less. than $4 50 per- day. considered; have had
experience light, accurate tool-making, heavy
engine work, ice and mining machinery and
handling men. Address box 3392. Call office.
EXPERIENCED coachman and gardener, thor-
. oughly reliable, with » beet of , references,
wishes position on private place; 3% years
. last place. Address W. W. C. box 3239, Call
„ office. 1118 Broadway. Oakland. '• '
AA—YOHNG man, mastering four languages,
proficient correspondent, extensively traveled.
United States. Europe, 'Central America, de-
airea employment. Box 3230, Call office.
NEAT young man, strong and. willing, desires
¦ 'work; wages expected not so much as a good
place; can come .well recommended. Address
ROY FARRANT, 1237 Stockton gt. . .'.-
HANDY- young man 25 wants steady position
for- mornings between 7 and 12 o'clock.. Box
3240, Call 'office. ... . . »
MIDDLE-AGED man wants, to do chores,':
. handy with tools,': attend horses, can milk !
or any kind of work. Box 3245, Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wishes position:
city or country; references. C.,' 2S West Mis-
sion st. , ¦ '•
MIDDLE-AGED man wants employment where
work is not hea\ r y; some experience minding
invalids. Box 3205. Call.
YOUNG mSn deslre3 a position as bookkeeper;
has a knowledge of stenography.. Box 3216,
• Call o£,ice. . . .
POSITION as bookkeeper, office work or sales-
man in a wholesale or retail house; can give
best of references. Box 3.':55, Call office.
HONEST Japanese wants a position as a school
boy in a small family. Address T.. 703 Lar-
kin st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wishes work near 420
Stanyan st. L. W., 810 Stockton st. ...
JAPANESE wants to wait at table and do
housework. 102G Larkin st. ; tel. Larkin 1331.
TOUXG Japanese boy wants situation as school
boy. ¦ Adiresa DPI. 423 Stevenson st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and .subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscrfptions has been established at 1096
Valencia- St. . >
EXCHANGE. ' .
LOCOMOBILE worth $950 to exchange for
firat-class carpenter work. Box 3222, Call. \
• FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
• teed and financed ; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND. IN VESTMENT CO.. U. S. licensed
stock' brokers. 320 Post st. ..
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-S-9. Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
$25— 1517 GOLDEtTgATE aveTTrniddlTflat! 4
rooms; piano, pantry, ¦ garden, etc $15-=-
Lower flat, 2 rms, pantry; water free; 1 to 4.
MODERN newly furnished C-room flat for sale
or. rent; cheap. .-647 Ellis st. . , J
~ ' FURNITURE FOR SALE. ~
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
SEWING machine, splendid condition; feather
bed, best, clean; large oil heater. 975 Post.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 133*.
GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the wo. id.
warranted: kept in repair.- 121- Grant ave.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
MRs! M. E. DAY & CO.. . i.Phone Main'1575
, ......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
' 6 waitresses, Coronado Beach, $20, rates fare;
• 5 waitresses, Los Angeles, rates; 4 wait-
resses, new commercial hotel, $25, fares paid,
pee party 1) a. m. ; 12- waitresses, city and
country, $20 and. $25; 2. chambermaids, $20.
... ... . . FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
. Cook, city, $30; 2 cooks, $25; cook,' country,
$30; nurse, two children, $25, choice place;
waitress, private family, $20; ranch cook,
$20; fare paid. ¦ •¦ • • '
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED — 2 head waitresses, $25; .4 second
girls. $20, $25: 3 cooks, German families, lit-
tle wash, $U0; German nurse and seamstress,
$20; housekeeper, $20; cook for students, $.'J5;
4 waitresses, city and country hotels, $20;
waitress for Institution, $20; also a large
number of .girls for nice places too numerous
to advertise. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st. ..',-. v
CAL. College of Hairdressing and Massage, Ida
M. Blakesley mngr. ; graduate Prof. Paul Las-
cotte of N. Y. ;¦ Girls change your occupation;
learn the best profession for women; only 0
weeks, $5; bring add; worth $1. 305 Larkin.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for ¦ general house-
.. work; small family; wages $15 per month.
Call 1250 Octavla st. bet 10 a. m. and 4 p.m.
GIRL to assist with housework; wages $15.. 350
Duncan st, between Twenty-seventh and
' Twenty-eighth. ¦ . ¦ . ' •, .. , •
STENOGRAPHER with some experience;
wholesale house; $25 per month beginning.-
Box 3250. Call office.' " " '
YOUNG lady subscription solicitors for ¦ the
"Raven." Call -3 to 4, Emma Spreckels
building, room 727.- -
WANTED— First-class hairdressers "and . ap-'
prentices.: Apply at. HALE BROS.' ¦
WANTED — Girl for housework and plain cook-
ing, 4 jin family; wages $18., 2024 Bush st.
WAITRESS wanted at once. Central Restau-
. rant, lliii Market at. • -- . ;
YOUNG girl -to assist in light housework and
care of infant. 1318;Folsom st.
TAILORESS as pants finisher. 5% Kearny st,
room 17. \ . . ' ¦ ¦. : - .
GIRL for general housework; 3 in family; ref-
erence required. 1148 Turk st. !',
CHILD'S nurse, $25: second girl. $25. CAT-
¦• TfcLL S, 525 Eighth 'st., Oakland. .-
WANTED — Operators on woman's muslin un-
derwear; experienced only; steady work; elec-
' trie power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212
- Market st. ' ','.;•-•
WANTED — First-class saleslady, 1 experienced,
to take charge, cloak- and suit department;
vftate where last employed." Address E. F.,
t , box. 3242, Call, office. , . ' . '. ":*¦'• 1 .'
SALESLADY, of experience In' selling j handker-
chiefs, neckwear., etc. ; Address, stating ex-'
perience, last position, T. C. , F., box 3212,
Callofflqe. .'..-.
t $25 TO' $35 per week; five ladles and' three
gentlemen; theatrical -sketch; no experience
necessary. Caldwell College of Oratory and
Acting, Hooyery Hall. 1327 Market st. ;, :
WANTED^-Saleslady.' must . speak- French I or
? pan '^ h - f °r dry goods store. Address G. S..
- .box 3243. : Call office. , ; -.: r .
of .'.' Hairdressing; entire ' course, r 2
" < Wee , k^' ° j; da -y and: eve. class. ¦ Call at room
¦ : 1, 100'%-Market st.,. near Sixth. '••;.-.
APPRENTICES to. learn tailoring: paid while
Vc arn s - BE LASCQ & HARRIS CO., 541
. ; Market st. ¦," :,¦¦.¦" : ,-,' {¦-"¦¦' •.. :' .•'
'APPRENTICE ! girls wanted on custom coats;
. ' Paid ..while learning.; AppIy,1020B Folsom St.:
A G ? RL< llKnt housework and r take care of
. child.- 1632 McAllister st. <,,;•'
- HE1|P . WANTED-— .FEMALE— Con.
1 HAIRDRESSING TAUGHT from A'to Z in 2
.; . weeks; -course, ,<$5, • including "manicuring,
massage, weaving. -. ventilating, switch and
¦ . wig making; "positions guaranteed; ..no. false
; promises; our pupils are our living advertise-
1 . ment, ¦ filling positions and in business for
1 themselves all over the city; day and eve
• classes. S.F. HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE.
' 233 Geary st. rooms 13-15. '
. OPERATORS at Levi Strauss &Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32^4 - Fremont st; no experience
1 necessary; good pay; steady work. Apply
to ME; DAVIS. .
; WANTED— Woman past 2S to manage coun-
: try business; must be industrious and of
good character. ' Box .3296, Call " office* , -t, ;
' GIRLS wishing to marry write or call on MRS.
. HERTZ. 700 Ellis str: no charges.
•'¦ A GERMAN woman • as governess ; state re-
ligion; salary $30. Box, 2994, Call.
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
" A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at 1000
'¦ Valencia at. ...
¦ , HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY . .Tphpne Main 5S48
. 634-636 Clay St., • . .
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
. Office open 7 a.- m. • " . " .
Carpenters » • Carpenters
' . ¦ . Carpenters.
7 carpenters ¦ for large sawmill' company,
country, long job... $00 and found
'3 ca'rpenters, country... $7&
• 5 laborers, no experience required. $C0
2 laborers, near city, $2 day., good Job; 14
farm hands; 3 choremen ,and choreboys;
milkers; stableman, country, steady job, $35
and found; private family coachman, $35 and
found; camp cook, $30; cook for a dredger,
$35 and found; 6 other cooks; 10 waiters;
kitchen - help and others. • ¦ '
WOODCHOPPERS — FARE PAID.
5 woodchoppers, redwood, 80c; pine," $1 15 per
cord, i
• WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS.
BIG WAGES CAN BE MADE.
Largest and best camp . in California. ' -
75 men to chop wood, make posts and ties,
level ground, virgin timber, good Job; prices,
redwood 80c, pine $1 25 per cord; ties 10c to
16c each; cheap fares. - - '
MURRAY & READY, C34-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary at
Railroad work. Free fare
.'For Chatsworth Park : . . '.".')
. ¦ 20 heade.r and corner men $2 50 a day v
20' drillers and muckers $2 to $2 50 a day
Free fare Free 'fare
: - . ¦ — ¦ ¦¦ •:. ¦-'¦-:. 4
3 blacksmiths for new railroad camps "in .
Nevada, $3 a clay; 2 ranch carpenters, . $20 •
and board; buggy washer, city. $60. .. -,, -;v-
...": HOTEL DEPARTMENT :.. ."^?.f.-
Bread baker, country shop, $50 and found;
head waiter, cpuntry hotel, $C0. . * - - v
Two nurses for an Institution, country, $30
and found, see party here. ¦ • *
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104.Geary st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, "610 Clay Bt.
. Farmer and wife, near city. . . .*. $40
. Chpreman and wife $40
,. Farmer and milk... $30
Plow hand, near city , '. .$25
2 pruners for vineyard $26'
Choreman for ranch $15.
Butter maker and milk ..$30
• Cook for bay boat *. ... $40
Piano player, country $60
2 German and. 2 Italian pruners for large
vineyard, see boss here .$20
Plain ranch blacksmith, see boss here....J30
2 FARMERS and wives, $40 arid $50; milker.
?35; gardener, $35; slack work coopers, $35
and found; woodchoppers, tiemakers; setter
. . for mill, $00 to $75; cooks, waiters, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
C28 Sacramento st. . : .
ANDRE'S .Office. 316 Stockton st. — Second
cook, hotel. $60; dishwasher and cook short
orders, $0 a week and room; lunch waiter;
$3 a week; young man to learn baxkeeping,
$25; gardener. $30; butler.' $40.' etc. -
WANTED— '
MACHINISTS .AND HANDY MEN TO KNOW
THAT . THE MACHINISTS' STRIKE IS
PRACTICALLY OVER.
ALL SHOPS RUNNING AS USUALj ¦
The machinists' strike- that has been on In .the
principal Denver shops since October is now
practically broken, as the shops are running
with non-union men and only about 25 per cent
of the strikers remain In , town, walking the
streets. ' • " s
The victory claimed by the strikers at the
Colorado Iron Works Company is 4n reality a
defeat. \ The men went out for a nine-hour day.
whereas this Is the very point not conceded by
the Colorado Iron Works Company. . A number
of tha old men from the Colorado Iron Works
Company were selected by the management and
offered Individually their old positions, if they
would work the hours per day stipulated by the
manufacturers, and conform to their shop
rules and regulations. ¦'¦•:* . ¦ .
. Mulberry, who is conducting the strike, op-
posed this and a stormy meeting: followed, un-
til the men demanded that they be allowed to]
return or withdraw from the union. To make
the appearance of a victory and prevent a loss
of more men, the union were obliged. to sanc-
tion the return of these men, hence the mis-
leading report In the daily papers.
This strike has demonstrated two things:
That the majority of first-class men are free
men and will not be bound by arbitrary unipns.
and that. the Denver Machinery Manufacturers
are organized as a unit to resist the unjust,
unreasonable, unbusinesslike and arbitrary de-
mands of organized labor.
THE DENVER MACHINERY MANUFAC-
TURERS' ASSOCIATION. . .
EASY chance to make money; the best propo-
sition on the market; $2 to $10 easily earned
daily; no experience necessary; be your own
boss and start business on a capital of from
60c to $20; -come and see for yourself the
easy sellers I have. New York Novelty Co.,
room 1, 093 Market st.
ENGINEER and machinist for position as
chief engineer by oil company near Bakers-
field, Cal. ; must be fully competent and have
first-class references; wages $125 per month
and lodgings free; ! state . age and whether
single or married. Box 3254, Call office.
WANTED— Young boy to assist in delivery de-
partment of a wholesale house; must be
.bright and live with his parents. "Whegi ap-
plying state age and references. Box 3231,
Call office. « ..
OFFICE boy in law office, bright, about 14
years; attending night school preferred. Ad-
dress in own handwriting, stating facts, box
3247. Call office. ¦' . ¦¦ '
OPTICIAN of first-class appearance with own
stock or to work on commission for firm in
kindred business. Address box 3211, Call.
WANTED — Good blacksmith for general tool
work; accustomed to working tool steel. Box
3248. Call office. . ,
EDUCATED young man for subscription solic-
itor for the Raven. . Call 3 to 4, Emma
¦Spreckels buildinj, room 727.
WANTED— Good bartender who is willing to
work; wages $35 and board. 1331 Park at..
Alameda.
WANTED — Cash boys at S. N, WOOD & CO.'S.
. 718 Market st. ; apply Friday morning.
•LUNCH waiter at 565 Sixth st.
WANTED — A boy about 18 years of age for
wholesale house. Address box 3252, Call.:
"WANTED — Boy this morning. 3271 Mission
. street.
LUNCH waiter wanted at 17 Washington st.
GOOD barber for Saturdays and Sunday. 62.J
Clay st. - . "
BARBER wanted; guarantee. Elite Shaving
Parlor, 701 Howard st. . ., ..
BARBER Saturday and ; Sunday:' $5. 200
¦Third st. ••¦¦¦¦-•. '¦ . . y. ,.y
WAITER wanted. 2021 Folsom at., near Six-
teenth. ¦ . ¦ .... . . ..
BOY for printing office. 109 California st
top floor. ; . ¦ • ¦ ¦ , -, - . .
WANTED— First-class dress | goods salesman
city experience, to take charge of department
¦ and dress windows;, references. Address A
C. box 3244. Call office.. ' ' A>
CANVASSERS wanted for a new gas burner-
big money for energetic men. Apply room 8*
220 Sutter st.. bet. 10 and 12. ¦ '
EXPERIENCED cigar salesman'for city with
trade ; good prqposltion.* Box 3463, Call.
A WHEELWRIGHT and woodworker- good
.wages. 4610 Mission st JOSEPH' SCHEID.
. BEST 2-chalr • barber shop south of Market •
$100;' leaving city. 1025 Howard st..'
WANTErn-Reliable young , man with $90-
. .take and assist " in -restaurant; $40
month; no experience. BROWN 1221 Market
WANTED— Sober young, man with -$375 for
!. Market-st. saloon; $75 month; no experience-
,.'. big snap; come quick. BROWN, 1221 Market*
¦ BARBER, first-class workman," wanted- state
'¦ HekfnV^Car l>Oard ' C T^" ' JORDAN. St.
ATTENTION— Ex-vol.. soldiers.' for 'extra pay
apply at 630 Market st. P., E.- HOWE. ' v •
ACTIVE, intelligent • boy for drugstore"
WHITE, Goughand Grove sts. '< ¦ • - ¦
BARBERS—^Good ." 3-chair shop, near, city- - a
> bargain. DECKELM AN BROS., 100 Ellis St.
WANTED— Experienced man] to run • electrical
lever elevator. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m
' at HALE BROS.' v . /\ * : • ¦• .
WANTED-^-Men - to learn barber; trade: eight
.weeks; tools- donated; situation guaranteed;
. -i catalogue mailed .free; • discount' this month.
.Gordon's Barber College,' Los Angeles, Cal..'.
EXTRA pay.now.-due~:U.' S. ; Volunteers. Call
.. or write Sherwood; penslpn atty., 624 Market.
500 MEN, to buy new. and 2d-hand army shpes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 823 Howard st, nr. 5th.
-,''¦¦. ¦-: " .-*-*». - . ¦*¦- ¦:'..'. -•¦/ ..-....-¦'.¦ ¦ '¦.. ¦
HELP WANTED—MALE— Con. r v
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; 'able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between tKe ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
FOR SALE — Two chair barber shop; best pay-
ing shop in Vallejo. Cal. ; only reason for sell-
ing, other business: best chance in the.State.
Inquire Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de^
roand: only requires S weeks; tools donated:
catalogue free? MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. {_
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics -to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooma: L'5c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. «41A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. . Bullis. 3, 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for Fhips for all parts of
the world. .HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart-st.
GET your. shoes half-soled 'while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet; 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size .men's shoes, slightly damaged, lialf
__pr*ce. 563 Mission st, -bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER~Hou's«\ 44 Third St.. near Mar-
' ket-20O rooms, 25c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10»o
Valencia st. ' " .
HORSES AXD "ft^^;^ „_
AT the Mascot Stable. 1106 Golden Gate ave.,
. near Buchanan st— 1 light rubber-tire buggy
• and harness: 1 trap, trap harness, robes and
whip: beautiful sorrel horse 16% hands,
weight about 1200, as fast as any of the trot-
. ters that you will see on the speedway. Call
early, as this is a bargain. •
JUST arrived — 72 .head well broke horses;
weight from 1150 to 1500 lbs.; suitable for
laundry, express, milk or bakery wagons.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721 Howard st.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc. : auction sales every "Wednesday
at 11 a. m. ¦ JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
SANTA ROSA sale and stock yard: horses.
harness and buggies .bought and sold. 1499
Market st, cOr. Eleventh. Phone South 864.
¦WANTED — A small neat laundry wagon in
r.good condition. 2125 Mission st.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
¦¦: and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: alao light
¦ 'camping wagon for sale cheap.. 532 Mission.
FOR sale — 1375 E.ddy st. ; stylish single fOot-
,'ing saddle horse.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at HEI-
NEMAN'S, 109 Sansome st.
_;IIOgSI3S TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses, to let: - sand for dr-
cular. G. H: UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
'HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT."
LADIES and gentlemen, .this interests you—
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
room 39. 139 Post st. Llebes building.
, , LOST AND POUND.
LOST — Feb. 5, large brown Irish water spaniel
dog; name. "Shot"; lame left hind leg; li-
cense No. 3718. Return to L.'C. PISTOLESI.
1110 Filbert St.: reward.
LOST — Sunday, alligator grip, child's waist and
skirt, etc.; no questions; liberal reward. 137
Post at.
LOST — On Castro st, near 20th, black water
spaniel with white spot; name on collar.
Edward Lyman. 2723 Pacific ave.' Return
to 6SO Castro st: 55 reward.
LOST— Black finger purse containing over 510.
Return 1210 Larkin st; reward.
LOST — Gold ring with 5 diamonds, fob and
locket; initials F. R. 520 Sansome st. ; reward.
FOUND — Bicycle. For particulars Inquire 423
Second st. ; reward expected.
3IATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to , marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list Mrs. Hertz. 70B ElUa.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. ¦¦--»-. ,
MEDICAL.
LADIES — All who are sick or In trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief In all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
ment; free confidential a J vice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all classes of female
complaints treated: relief to the longest cases;
all private diseases in both' sexes treated;
blood diseases cured. 10 to 30 days. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Unlver-
. slty, Berlin, midwifery cases; takes ladles
before and during confinement; best care;
confinement $15; rm., board, $5 wk. ; infants
adopted; will take 2 to worK at my private
resid., 606 Guerrero, nr. lStn:, tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist:
30 years' experience ; Instant relief guaran-
teed: home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'.Farrell st
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office, 122S Market st. ; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and 6t,her cases.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, ladles' physician;
private home for confinement; babies adopt-
ed ; formerly 1312 G. G. ave. ; now 112 Mason.
MRS. DAVIS, ladies' specialist, -returned from
New York: maternity home: low fees; beat
medical tare. 1382 Market st. • ¦
MRS. .D. GOODWIN. ladles' -" physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
• ternlty Home. 006 Market st. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB' and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home: home
in confinement. 1126 Market st., S. F. •
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical cire; low fees.
DR. NO TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOR SALE. ~
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machineryT'^Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 10,5-107 Fremont at
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pfpes. shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear St.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. C52 Mission.
A— $3 50 PERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine
FINE suits. $10r dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING- PARLORS. 437 ' Montgomery st.
A— ZITHER; the finest in. the world. HAR-
RIS' Loan Office. 105 Stockton st.
3 FRESH . cows for sale, with calves. J. F.
PERLE, Angel Island. .
SOME nearly paid-up Tontine Savings Assn.
contracts. Address Savings, box 3225, Call.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
> BAKER & HAMILTON. -
2 BUILDING l«ts,' Excelsior Homestead, to
exchange for, , rooming-house. 313 27th st.
A LOT of retfl antique mahogany furniture;
massive side bed. " 313 27th at. near Church.
CLOSED and open hack; cheap. O'BRIEN'S,
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
2ND-HAND boilers, engines. • mach'y, pipe
hose- & belting. ' H. 3. "WHITE. 518 Mission.
5000 TO 10,000 feet of 3, 3^ and 4 inch pipe!
108 Vallejo st _ . . . zT-;
THOROUGHBRED Scotch pups. 1167 Stan-
yan st.
Wall paper. 3c. worth 10c: paperhanging, paint-
ing. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel.Jacksdn 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont'gy.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY." 308 Post- St. .,
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
" and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 130 Beale st ;. 4 >,
SAFES — New and second ' hs.nd. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
•bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.,
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers- oak:
complete-; cheap. 1»15 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC .lantern's, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
"MISCELLANEOUS f, WANTS. V
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — A portable baker's oven; state
' price. 127 Arlington st.
FINELY: carved ivory image 12 or 14 Inches
: high; must.be cheap.'. Box 3213, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth sti; tel. Jessie 2351.
MIXING AXO ASSAYING.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
A dated Gold Mining Company situated in Ne-
vada County, 15. miles north of Auburn; 2
patented claims, S-stamp quartz mill, ditca
and hoisting works: reasons for selling, non-
experience of mining by owners; mine opea
for Inspection. Further particulars from a.
MEISTER. Sacramanto. Cal.
MIXES AXD jij JOXiXOiJA^ ..-
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.. S.
F. : branch office, Nome. Alaska, season lQQ-j.
MONEY TOiLOAX.
HEKMA^r^LhtTpHYT^w^Examiner building.
$4,500. UOO at. lowest rate.3
on tirst and second mortgages ......
• Life interests in estates ..........
.'• Property being held in trust
.... Undivided interests in real estate ....
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of ali aorta and sizes..
If You Need Money •
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. t>03 big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.),
$000,000 at .V,j & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
.City, Oakland. Town and Country propert>:
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies ; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Ked 5024. MAX*
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT! ~*
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere*
R. McCOLGA-N
21 Montgomery st, room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third: mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided,
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 18.
1st floor. Chronicle blx. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary at; phone Red 1003.
HIGHLY resDectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest r*tea. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84d
Market at; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
household goods, without removal; confidential.
ORMSB.Y.2B Montgomery st..opp. Lick House.
ON real estate, lat or 2nd mortgages. & on fur-
niture or pianoa: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 027 Market, room 613.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by privat»
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bids.. 301 Jones.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos : no removal : n»
commls. ;confidentlal. T7b.itehead.1710 Market.
ONE per cent on furniture; $3 a month on each,
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
• lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: '$13 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81, 6 Eddy.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.: prlvat»
party. -St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th flr.
O.. salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money Jo
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome- st.
ON salaries without indorser; other proposl-
tlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS monev on salary; no indorser: Eastern,
plan. Western Loan Co., 30» Phelan bids.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
. MTSICAL IXSTRtMEATS.
ALL makes'; rent $2 up, credited if purchased:
Installments $3 up; old pianoa bought and
exchanged; bargains $25 up in Steinway.
Heine. Chickering, etc. ; agents wanted for
Krell, Heine. Hallet & Davis and 20 other
makes; we give full cash discount if you car*
pay $25 down and $10 a month; some new
pianoa for $137. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Geary st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, ia the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most rellabO
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $tt per month; some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oakland.
SOHMER & CO. Pianos. *
BYRON MAUZY Pianos. . ' ¦ '
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos *~"
SPEILMANN Pianos ' ~. »»'
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER-
PIPE ORGANS.
' BYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Post st.
NO matter what you ma;; be in need of in tho
way of a musical instrument, we have it and
will sell at a very low price. You can buy
on payments if you desire. New and second-
hand-pianos. Simplex piano players. Olym-
pia music boxes, Graphophones, Phonograph*,
Gramophones, in all styles. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
. Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering, Masoa
& Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos. ;
EVERETT, Hardman, Ludwig. Conover, Pack-
ard. Howard. Kingsbury. Straube. Jewett.
Cable. Steck. Smith and Barnes. These ar»
the popular pianos of the day. For sale only
by THE "WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 031-033
Market at. \
ANY piano scld by us taken back any tirn-j
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to- buy a piano
from us. KOHLER'4 CHASE. SO O'Farrell
st. : established 185O.
A FINE • large upright, $150; a beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany ease,
in use only a few months. $275; ,new pianos
to rent, $.3 50: squares. $1 50 and $2: Beck-
stein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS ft
SON. 23 5th st. agt3 for Ivers & Pond pianos.
A FIRM'S failure to realize immediate casti
have stored with us for advances lot of strict- '
ly high-grade new pianos; now for sale at any
reasonable offer to raise money; they must
go- easy payments: other storage uprights $40
up. "WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st
"WE have a large shipping 1 order for old squar*
and upright pianos; will buy or exchanssw
HEINE PL\NO CO.; 217 Geary St.
OUR pianos the leading makers: price $100 up-
ward; values best In the city. PIERCE -3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice full-stzed
modern upright piano. 433 Golden Gate ave.
NEW cabinet grand piano; taken for debt; will
/ sell at a great sacrifice. 103 Oak st.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $75 up;
easy paymts. Fay\s Piano House, 1729 Mlssn.
STILL renting new pianos. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes St.
$175— A HARE chance: fine upright. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister at., next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR viollna. zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. ¦ maker, repairer. 2 Lathan place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The TTeekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address in th»
United States or Canada one year for $ \.
postage paid. ¦ ¦ ,
' • OIL.
OIL. tanks, second hand. In good order: nil
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. S16 Mu.«!on sf.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.t."
EMMA Spreckels building. 927 Market st. — Of-
fices with modern conveniences. $15 to $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER. ¦-".: ¦
CASTRO. 53G. near Eighteenth— Large store. 3.
rooma and bath. . -^
SUNNY offices Just below Kearny st: $10:
also large store. Keys 636 Clay St.. room 1.
PALMISTRY.
G. L. Neergaard. president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post: phon» Hyde 2833.
H. JEROME FOSELL*I. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel.BlackiWl.
PAISTERS AND DECORATORS^
Rooms papered $3 up; whitening & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.: tel. Red 3521.
Papering room. $3 up; painting, whitening rea-
sonble. Painter. 502 Stanyan; tel. Park 15."
AND SURGEONS.
A^SOLUTElLY^REE^TONSULTTrToN^^
diseases of men and women treated -success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. DR.
FORDEN. No. 6 Turk St.. corner Mason. -
A— DR. OLIVE GRI7VER. lady physician and"
turgeon. at 1122 Market at; hours 10 to 8.
DR^&, C ,: O'DONNELL— Offl-e and resident
1021% Market st. b»t. Sixth and Seventh..
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body. »•»
testimonials at. nffic... 115-117 Ma^on.nr.KTVw.
-i' Ij :> :V1:SG AXP .TgBgISCr MILLS7~"
WOOD and ivory turning. planlngT~shapln«c
and sawlns, CARL F. HAAS. 05 Fremoa*NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs A Marre, S L Obis
L A- Marre, S Cruz ¦
W RWInn, N T
T R Eddy & w. Chlco
T ' Peters. . Calistoga
P J Kernay. N Orleans
P Haunnessy, Portlnd
B D Hinds & w, Cal
J H Moynole, Cal
E F Dunn, -Paso Robls
P Morrisey, King City
C gondrlff. Missouri
FA Longstre,et, Neb
P Mayer & w, Colorado
M Machadn & w, Denv
J S Means & fam. Cal
P Nelson. S Leandro
P J Edwards, Oakland
Judge Lawler, St Louis
O Johnson, Victoria
E a Sulllxson, Conn
T Seibel. Boston
M Lelghton, Reno
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
August H. Kilborn (owner) with Thomas R.
Bassett (contractor), architect C. H. Skidmore
— All work for a 3-story frame building (3 flats)
on W line of Baker street, 87:6 N of McAllis
ter, N 25 by W 121:10%; $8200.
of Seventh street. 193.03 S of Channing ' way,
S 60 by W 120. lots 9 and 10, block 134, cor
rected map of Avery Tract, Berkeley (recorded
February 3, 1902); $5.
William F. Hlllegass (single) to Emma F.
Sides, E 100 feet of lot 8, block D, map No. 3.
Hillegass Tract, Berkeley; $100. .
Mary A. Bechtel (widow) to Rose Hutchinson.
lot beginning at a point In N V^ie of Lynde
street and N line of land described In 245 D.
388. 50 W from NE corner thereof. W 75 b7
N 141, Brooklyn Township (quitclaim deed); $5.
Builders' Contracts.
Francis Lowe (owner) with William "Warn
holz (contractor), architect C. S. McNally —
Alterations and additions to make .a 3-story
building on NE Una of Sixth street. l&Z NW
of Brannan. NW 23^by NE 120; $4150.
Mary A. Fyfe (owner) with H. T. Grieb (cqn
tractor), architect none — All work for a 2-story
and basement frame building on E line of
Ashbury street. 130 S- of Frederick, S 30 by
El 100 1 $£>T20. ' ¦ ¦ " - ¦ - . ¦ ' - *
Elizabeth * C. Merrill (widow) to Thomas
Reuck (married), lots 7 and "8, map subdivided.
Heald Twenty-eighth Avenue-Tract, Frultvale,
Brooklyn Township; $10. ' , ..
State Savinss Bank to Constantino Lepori,
lot on" W line of Peralta avenue. 55 N of Hyde
street. N 60 by W 125, lots 61 and 62, cor
rected man Electric Heights Tract, Brooklyn
Township ?10. ;
William Wolfsohn and- G. L. FItz to Leah
F. Mott, lot on E line of Willow street, 250 N
of Clement avenue, N 50 by E 90, being \ NW
corner of block 15, lands adjacent to Enclnal,
Alameda; ?10. \ „ ,, ,,
W. F. Kro'.l (trustee Felix Marcuse and
Julius A. Remmel, individually and as bank
rupts) to same, all interest in same, Alameda;
sioo. ¦ • ¦ ¦ •: " ' v ¦• ¦.-¦¦¦¦¦¦
San Francisco Savings Union to Lillie E.
Fellow (wife of Thomas J.). lot on SE line of
Broadway. B0 -NE of Clement avenue, NE 50,
SE 140.16. SW 44.35 to lands Central Land
Company, W along same to dividing line be
tween lots 1 and 2, NW 140, lot 2. block C.
maps .blocks A" to F, Hayas Caperton Tract,
Ala'meda;- ?175O. •• . ' .
W J. and Delia Sullivan to Patrick Howrln.
lot on N line of Taylor street, 142:6 W of
Wood W 47:0 by N- 135, lot 40. plat and sub
division block 402, Oakland Point, Oakland; $10.
B H Griffins (single) to Jacob Kyll, lot on
N line of A street. 108 E. of Hellen. E 25 by
N 100 "subdivision F. lot 1. blotk 702. map No. -
•2, Watts Tract, Oakland: $10. ; .' --¦.•" I
¦ Arthur C. and Kate E. Sand ford to J., H.
Edelen (single), lot on S line of Thirty-second
street 400 : E of Grove, E CO by S 140, block
2036 map* of Rowland Tract, Oakland ; $10. . ¦
. William T. and Sarah B.- Harris (wife); to
George W. : Reburn, lot on N line . of Merrlmac
street, 422.04 W of Telegraph avenue. W 45 by
N 70.96 lot 10 and W foot or lot 9. map of
Austin. Park. Oakland (subject to deed of trust
.for $2650); $10. ••' . '¦ . V
Harry Holies." Golden Gate Land and Im
provement Company (corporation) and H.' W.
Cole (by - Clarence •¦ Crowell, commissioner) to
San • Francisco Home Mutual Loan • Associa
tion, lot 14. block B, map of Golden Gate Tract,
Oakland; $000. ¦ , ••' , .
¦ Ira and - Charlotte -A. Vaughan to Second
Congregational Society of Oakland, lot on NW
corner of Peralta and Seward or .Tenth streets,'
N-108 by W 140, block 712, . Boardman's map,
Oakland ;• $10, ' •: - - ' >¦ f
• Anton and Grace C.Nledt (wife) to Rudolph
A P. and Mae Niedt, lot 16, ; block D," map of
Klinknervllle- Tract, Oakland; $10. • . - . v. .
Caroline <E. ' and Charles . Christian Henry
Peterson to Charles A. Bailey, lot on : W Una
Emily M. Welch (single) to Mary L. Dove-
Freely (single), lot on S line of Prince street,
47:4 W of Harper, W 40 by S 100, block C,
map portion of Central Park Tract, Berkeley;
$10. ' ' , ¦ ' . . , •¦¦.¦'¦
Glennle Davlea (single) to Marie E. Perry
(widow), lot on N line of Rose street.-45 W of
Oxford, formerly Pine, W 45 by N 120, block
22, map property N. B. Byrne, ! In Berkeley
Villa Tract, Berkeley: $10.,
C. O. and Grace Hatherly Gowing to same,
lot on W line of Hillside avenue, 204.42 N of
Piedmont avenue, N W 55 by SW 175, portion
lot- 8, man subdivided Bowman Tract, Oak
land Township; $3250. '. •
Albert and Elizabeth "Rhoda (wife) to Wil
liam N. Tarr, lot on N line of West Tenth
street, 147:0 W of Kirkham, W 30 by N 75,
block 55'J, map Elghtli street, Oakland^ $5.
. Etta H. Gorrlll to Martha D. Gilman, right
of way for 20 years over driveway on S^3 side
of land now of said first , party occupied as
residence by said first party and husband, etc.,
subject to u:;:: .M. ITS and 630 M. 57 for $3000,
Oakland Township; $5.
Antonio Luiz de Fr'ago and Maria F. de
Frago (wife) to Wallace H. Christie (single),
lot on W line of Magnolia street, 125 'N oi
Thirty-fourth, N 50, ,W 125:11, S 52:1, ii
140:6, block CSO, map Watts Tract, Oakland;
$10. - ...
Anne or Annie Pearson (Stachler), widow, to
Seattle Brewing and Malting Company, lot on
NW corner of Jackson and First streets, N
100 by W 150, lots 10 to 25, block 11, Kellers
berger'a map, Oakland; $10.
Sarah' T. Leavell (wife of Erasmus T.) to
Sarah C. Pond (wife of E. B.), Nora T. Mc-
Neil (single), Lewis C Leavell (married) and
Jairtes R. Leavell (single) (undivided fourth
each), lot on S line or Thirty-fourth street.
SOU E of West. S 100, E 50, N 130; W.50, *5
30, lot 8, block E, map property Central Land
Company, etc., and personal property in house
on said land, Oakland; gift.
Alameda County.
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to Emile
Ramlot, lot en .W line of Fourth avenue. 100
S of Lake street, S 25 by W 120; $10. . -
Anthony L. and Agnes Holder to Solomon
Getz, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue. 250 N
of Point Lobos,. N 25 by E 120; $10. »"¦;>.':
Jennie S. and John A. Moore "to
Magor, lot on NE corner of Twenty-sixth ave
nue and A street, E 75 by N 125; $4000. '• , . \
Callaghan Estate Company to
Albert Meyer, lot on SW corner of Nineteenth
avenue and I street, W 240: S 215:10. NE 2iO:U,
N 190:11; $10. .
Charles and Johanna Berger to - Albert W.
Lehrke. lot on W line of Minnesota street, 375
N of Twenty-second, N 25 by W 100; $10.
Mark, Hannah, Benjamin F., Sadie, Samuel
O., Tillle, Moses O., Maud and Louis Meyer,
Pauline and Herman -Friedlander, Jennie and
Adolph Mauther and D. C. and Oralia Wil
liamson (Meyer) to Henry Meyer, lot on S line
of Turk street, 87:6 W of Leavenworth,' W 20
by S 87:0; $10. • / .
. Annette P.' Clark (Lawler). wife of John G.,
to Stetson G. Hincles. lot on SW. "corner of
Green and Leavenworth streets, W 137:6 by
S 137 :«; $10.
. Giuseppe P odosta to Flora Podesta, lot on
S line of Green street, 100 E of Dupont, E
17 :« by S 68:'.), right of way of alley on E of
lot; $10. .
Wilbur F. Boardman to Roblna L. Board
man, lot on S line of Green street. 137:0 E of
Hyde, E OS:J) by S 137:15; gift. t
Luizi and Maria Figone to Francisco Figone,
lot on W line of Ohio street, U7:ti S of Broad
way, S 20 by W 52; $5."
William J. McKlllop to Catherine C. Wheeler,
lot on W line of Bartlett street, 1G0 S of
Twenty-sixth, S 47:6, NE 120:5^, N 20:2, E
125; ?10. • ,
Josephine *S. O'Connor (widow) to Richard
E. Miller, lot on . N W corner of Twenty-third
and Mission streets, N 02 by W 125: $10. ' . ¦
Alexandre and Julie Welll to Alfred P.
Hampton and Albert J. Bailly. lot on W line
of Church street. 200 S of Fifteenth. S 25 by
W 125; $10. • •
Mary Hallinan, administratrix estate of John
F. Hallinan (by commissioner) to Hibernia
Savings and Loan Society, lot on E line of
Sanchez street. 57 S of Twentieth, S 57 by E
105; $785.
Pacific Improvement Company to Bernhard
and Ellse Bernhard, lot on E line of Cole street,
112:ti S of Frederick, S 25 by E 130:7%; $10.
Allen H. Piper et al. vs. Ella Doll et al." (by
G. H. Umbsen, referee) to Julius Newman,
lot on S line of Bush street. 102 :ti W of Lar
kln, W 25 by-S 120; $3700.
Frank J. HVtchings to Bessie F. Hutehings
(wife), lot on N line of Union street, 124.41 E
of Franklin, E 25 by N 117.329; gift.
Charles G, Ames to Barclay Henley, lot on
S line of Green street, (18:0 E of FilJmore. E
35:1) by S< 137:8' (quitclaim deed); $5.
Israel Kashow tir. to Sophie Kashow (wife),
lot on N line pf California street. .25:5 W of
Steiner, W 25:10, N 100, W 3, N 20. E 54:3.
S 24, W 25:5, S 00; gift.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
« ,- 1118 Broadway, Feb. 6. -
From being kicked by a horse little
Leslie C. White, 5 "years of age, the son
of Mr. and Mrs. Leslie C. White, resid
ing on San Pablo avenue, near Fortieth
street, has lost his life.
The child was kicked, in the face by a
pet Shetland pony about Christmas. The
wound healed, [ apparently, 'in a couple
of weeks, and it was not until ten days
afterward that the injury showed signs
of having caused lockjaw. The parents
called in Dr. A. H. Pratt at that junc
ture, but the little sufferer's case had
passed the critical stage and was be
yond medical relief.
After, several days of intense agony,
during which the boy was unable to take
nourishment, either solid or liquid, death
relieved the youthful patient's sufferings.
The original injury had not seemed
very serious. Little Leslie had been play
ing near the pony when the pet suddenly
kicked, whether intentionally was not
discovered. The hoof struck the -child on
the side of the . face, cutting a gash
from the ear to the cheekbone.' It was
given home treatment and healed, to all
external appearances, in due time. The
boy was about and at play as usual.
Dr. Pratt said to-day:
When I was called In the child had shown
evidences of trouble for about ten days. The
case had developed into lockjaw, due, in all
probability, to poison germs that had/ got into
the wound when the child was kicked. It was
a clear case of tetanus, and all that could be
done was to relieve the lljtle one's sufferings
as much as possible. . There had been no evi
dence of the disease for two or three weeks
after the injury was inflicted. .
The funeral was held to-day, interment
being In Mountain View Cemetery. ;
Lockjaw Ensues From an
. Icjury Which Was Ap
parently Trifling.
Leslie White, but Five
Years of Age, Is the
.¦¦'",-¦' ¦¦ . ¦ ¦ .'
V 1C ulJJLu
KICK BY PONY
CAUSES DEATH
THE* SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1902.
13
PERSONALS.
W^^i^rTune~oTren:nantB for suits to order.
r<*-«,« 1^h ihe«e suits we make an extra pair
f r : li.^ frie of charpe; other suits on Install-
S $1 we^kl, 1 I.' LEMOS 1117 Market
5! between Seventh_and Eighth.
- rr _ mr Hcht in every room — Winchester
E h^m llThl-dst., near Market: 700 rooms;
25? to U M Per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
%L -bus «nd baggage to and from the ferry.
tvttv m«c' You can be certain of style and
fit \rfu"tnir Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and I The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Uomettfc^fAjCCl Market Et,. near Sixth:
no vnu write ads? Send address to-day oa
vnur^u*ine« stationery for Invaluable lnfor-
matlon 1^. Harper Syndicate. Columbus,
Ohio. '
tt-t POTROLrTIC removal of moles and Buper-
flnnus hair: permanent; painless; free treat-
ment work guaranteed. MISS C. DUDLEY.
TTffi M£rtcet_si.. corner Polk. -
you think O. BERMAN. 43
Ellis 'makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
SCHOOL to learn hairdressing. hair work,
manicuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702
Market Ft. MISS A. V. DOYLE. f
ANY rxrson inquiring for Lucy Edwards please
call or address 32 Fourth eU <Calaveras pa-
pers please copy.)
6HAMPOOING In 10 minutes, warm air. price
SOc; hairdresFlng. any style, 25c; switches,
wigs. G- LEDERER, 123 Stockton Bt.
10 000 FERSONS on wAom to cure cancerous
diseases for ?10 apiece at 23S Sixth St., room
11; call after Id. m. , ¦.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. 52 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton ct.. near Broadway. 1
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Pr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell;send for circular.
eCPERFLUOrs hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.HTO Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; ?l;at all druggists'.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vida Company, 7C3
Valencia St.. corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art rallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLING. 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. Airdrugglsta.
Mrs. BrigpB — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 9CS Sutter; tel. Larkln 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destined. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wIks;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 20 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 £0; dress pants. $2 60.
Mlsnt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ER. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the beet corn cure; 25c: all ctrugglsts.
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR SALE.
THREE of tfce handsomest fiats In the city;
built one year apo; northeast corner; West-
ern Addition; 30x100; sun and light all day;
each flat contains nine rooms. Including liv-
ing room, den, billiard room, etc; two baths;
furnace, hot water heater, hardwood floors,
etc.: always rented; 52100 per year; price
$22,500. THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. Real
Estate Agents. S Montgomery st.
Joseph straub. . '¦
850 Market Bt.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property bought and sold.
Rents collected.
LOT and two-story house. Mason St., near Bay,
$38t(0; large lot, three-etory house, on Na-
toma St., between Eig-hth and Ninth, $3200.
-A.<Jdr-s« or call. R. M. BAHTHOLD, 123
California gt.. or 1024 Golden Gate ave.
IF you have a residence, or any vacant lota,
on any of the streets from Vallejo to Lom-
bard. Pclk to Lyon, and you wish to make
a quick sale then call on W. J. GUNN, 530
California et.
BARGAIN' — Fine sunny cottagres, 5 rooms and
all modern Improvements; high basement;
large lots; fine view; cars pass door; small
amount cash, balance like rent; Chenery and
31st sts. r see owner on premises. A. KLAHN.
$1000 CASH and $37 50 month buys new home
near Golden Gate Park; send for book on
••Homes." TTM. P. TODD. 630 Market St.
(7500 — FOR sale, business corner grocery with
5 living rooms and stable; 9-room flat above.
J. P. FAIVRE. 2304 Fulton st.
HEAL ESTATE COCXTRY For Sale
AT PLACERVTLLE — 300-acr» all-purpose
ranch, close In; 45 acfes choice early fruit;
cheap water plenty; large barn; small house;'
horses, cow, wagons, tools; orchard rents
$1000 a year; new railroad will double value;
ask particulars quick; a snap to close estate;
$6000. E. N. EMMONS & SON. room 4,
tenth' floor. Mllle building.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cctati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St.. for
pamphlets and information.
E. N. EMMONS & SON have moved from 11
Montgomery et. to room 4, loth Moor. Mills
bldg. Country real estate a specialty. We
¦want more property and reliable correspond-
ents In all parts of California. E. N. EM-
MONS & SON. room 4, 10th floor. Mills bldg.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy Et.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send
stamp for free 41st. C. R. Winfleld. Petaluma.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY . REA : 1 ' ESTATE.
il250 CASH? $33 T per month, pays for a~$40ob
home in full in 120 payments; modern house,
8 rooms and bath: 50 ft. lot; .10 minutes to
local and 10 minutes to State Uni\-ersity:
eend for "Homes." WM. P. TODD. 630
Market rt.. 6. F-. or 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
FRDITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FROTVALE REAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity: 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.: ornamental errounds; ' fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
Irom S. F. ; rent $35 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD, .Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
£230 CASH, balance $33 per month. 120 pay-
ments, pays for in full a new. 8-room house;
10 minutes' walk to local; send for "Homes."
WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway, Oakland, or
€30 Market rt.. S. F.
T NEW homes 5 to 8 rooms; all first class;
Merrimac or Twenty-eighth «t-. bejween Tel-
egraph ave. and Grove et. ; monthly payment
plan. See owner on the premises to-day.
6. P. MEADS. Oakland* real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st.
IOAKLAKTD FCRXITL'BE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st,. Oakland.
JttOOBI S FOR HOUSEKEEPia ff.
APARTMENTS for houaekpg; handsome sunny
suites; all modern Improvement*; sas, bath,
reception rm,; nr park and school; rent rea-
¦onable. St. James. McAllister and Laguna.
CAETRO. 425, nr. 17th— 2 private furn. hskpg.;
private entrance; iawn: cheap; no children.
r * FT , H 'i housekeeping In suites.
2 or 3; $12_toJ20; a]80 8lngIe> $ ' 5 . * '
H r W T^ D^^* =^ lar e e BUnn y w «« furnished
rooms, porchpranl etc .. $12. to 2 adults.
JESSIE. 3C3. near Emporium— Furnished room.
Mc^ki T I^l =^ $ raTuit 3 ompleta tor
1^^ room,
! t-ggrfggggjPg: separate entrance.
° tWrl, $S I^0-'^7 UralEhe<1 - **™y
* Wi « UD ny basement ra ., $0.
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner 7Z1 ~~
nlshed bay wtodow^lL, 9f^ y ~ £unny fur '
bougekeeplng. ' **" etove : complete for
POST. 1109— Basement flat furni«h~< ,"
eultable for table boarder* ? rnlgned . » room*;
Virginia, 1005 Powell--2sunnvfrr,r,r»; : "
n.oins. newly fumisheS^^ekeeplng
?A BRANCH office lor Call adv*^ ~— '¦
subscriptions has beerT ££Z? l £? tnt * an «
Valencia at. established at 1098
In Korea ; the ¦ ' medical profession'^ is
hereditary, - passing from • father to 1 son.
The basis of medical study, is a work in
nineteen volumes, . written about i- two
thousand « years ago- , , .• . ,.-ir-r
ROO31S TO LET — Fnrn. and. Unfnrn.
ARGTLB Hotel, 234 McAUUter— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day" upward; fates
py week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
r 50 . 5° *1 Per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
itgnt housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Pur-
nlsned rms., eultes. single; also unfurnished.
CHATTANOOGA. 10?, between Doiores and
Church— Rooms for light housekeeping.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
lurnlshed sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ¦
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicejy furnished rooms,
35c. $1 60 night; $1 50. $8 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS. 418 (The Pierpont)— Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
vlce; hot water; private baths.
ELLIS, C85, cor. Larkin— Furn. sunny bay-win-
dow; mantel, fold, bed; with or without hkpg.
FILLMORE. 2320— Large eunny furnished
room.
FOURTEENTH. 665. near Market— Neatly fur-
nished front room. - . ' ,
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; . single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single ;elevat.
HYDE, 1514 — Sunny furnished room suitable
for gentleman; references required.
JONES, 906 — Lower flat, suite of three extra
large sunny front rooms, newly furnished,
suitable as bachelor apartments; -will accom-
modate four adults; bath, phone, grate, hot
and cold water; breakfast if desired; vacated
the Sth. ¦
KEARNX. -34, ¦ and 47 Poet — Office or eunny
furnished rooms; ,en suite or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; »5c a day up.
OCTAVIA. 1211 — Sunny furnished bay-window
room, double and single. _
O'FA'RRELL, !!0 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offlcee; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POWELL, 131. near Baldwin lot— Room to
rent.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room. Bmoklne-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night 35c to $1 50; week, ?2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold. water; baths.
SEVENTH. 171— Corner house; sunny furnlsh-
ed rooms tp ljt: single or double.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Dents. 24 Turk st.
STOCKTON. 332 — Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone.
Terba Buena, 26%. nr. Taylor & Sacramento —
Fur. & vfnfur. rm.; nice location; reasonable.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front" rooms;
electric liRhts; hot and cold water: modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
POST, 975 — Elegantly rurnlshed suite; gas
grate; hot and cold water in dressing-room;
also very nice double room; oath; phone.
CROCKER. The. 915 Leavenworth— Sunny
rms.; sin. and suites: ground and tennis crt.
JOHNSON. The. 605 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; Epacious grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA, 615 Taylor — Sunny front and back
» suites; excellent beard; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
' Irvlngdale. 626 Eddy — Double and single rooms,
suitable for students; good table; low rates.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Room and board in private fam-
ily; north Market st.; references exchanged;
reasonable rates. Address box 3249. Call.
TOUNG lady, employed, wants board and room;
private family; ?3 50 week. Box 3241. Call.
RUPTURE SAXITARIU3I.
RUPTURE CURE— TREATMENT FREE.
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium. 1206
Market St.. rooms 5 and G; new system.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants «Jected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWIX6 MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES. '
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 €th.
STORAGE AXD AVAR E HOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mir-
, slon st.,: tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage. Co., 030 Market St.;
tel. Main 1S4O; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Sttirag-e and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— : We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California ; telephone Main 2U6.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
! typewriter doctors -.estimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa. Water Co., room
10, second floor. Mills building,' San Fran-
cisco, February 4, "1902. — Dividend No. 137,
of 42 cents per share on the capital etock of
I] the Contra Costa Water Co. will be payable
I at the office of said company, *room 16, sec-
ond floor. Mills building, on February 15,
1902. Transfer books will close on February
8. 1902, at 3 p. m.
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 38, of seventy-
flve cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal etock of the company has been declared
payable at office of company, rooms 202. 204.
206 Hayward bldg., San Francisco, on Febru-
ary 10. 1902. Transfer books close Feb. 3,
l»02. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPERTY-OWNERS &. CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent • chim-
ney, I am prepared to erect it 60c a foot up;
expert In curing cmoklng or faulty flues;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and fiae walks specialty; brick put under old
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedl- j
ence to labor organizations: estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2933 Mission, or box 260. 318 Bush.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
William tT. Chapman. 32, Berkeley, and
Elizabeth Sorenson, 26. city.
George H. Sullivan, 33, 1290 Folsom street,
and Nora Connors, 25, 723 Brannan' street.
Pierre Gouallhardou, 36, El Verano. and
Mary Mullen. 21. El Verano. -
Emile S. Lethln. 20. 2S6 Stevenson street,
and Gertrude V. Penebsky, 19, 286 Stevenson.
Frederick L. Seibel. 27, city, and i Florence
M, Sarll, 23, city.
Alfred W. Ryley. 25, 2232 Union street, and
Mattie L. Berry, 18, 1 Torrens court.
John A. MacFadyen, 23, Oakland, and Ruby
S. Dcyle, 19. 255 Paris street.
Louis Oliver. 39, 2118 Lombard street, and
Elizabeth Portman. 39. city.
Wilbur O. Meyer, 21,' 429 Larkln street, and |
Alice Cannod'y. 20. 003 Larkln street.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES—BEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
'In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed M'ith the name and residence of- per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. .
HIRSCHLER— In this city, February 4, 1902.
to the wife of David Hlrschler. a gan.
~~~~~~ MABRIED.
ALLGERN— SCHMIED^-In this city. Febru-
ary 6, 1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Wil-
liam Allgern and Theresa A. Schmied.
ASHER— JOSEPH — In this city, January 19,
1902. by .the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, William
Aeher and Lena Joseph.
BLACK — BECKER — In this city. February 5,
• 15)02, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Samuel B.
¦ Black and Annie M. Becker.
HOLDRIDGE — GRAFE — In this city, Febru-
ary 5. 1902, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, L.
B. Fcnda Holdrldce of Fenton, Mich., - and
Emllie A. Grafe of San Francisco.
KROGER — GEFFKIN — In this city, February
1. 1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Frederic
C. Kroger and Meta <3effkin. -
LETH1N— PENEBSKY— In thte City, Febru-
ary 6, 1902, at Central M. E. Church, by the
Rev ' tS. C. Patterson, Emit S. Lethln and
Gertrude V. Penebsky, both of San Fran-
cisco. •
NEELAND — MALLORY — In this city, Febru-
ary 5, 1902, at the Franklin-street Presby-
terian Church, by Rev. Dr. Wills, Major
Thomas Neeland and Katherine S. Mallory,
both of San Francisco- '
SAXLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC*.
Tralaa ¦•«*« nm>i nr* «!¦• ta arrive a* '
HAS rUAN«:iMt!4>. ¦ J C,
¦ ¦ (Main Line. Toot of Market 3tre»t) ¦>
tun ' — From Dzcxubsa 6, ISO. — AMIVS
. 7i§0a Bonida, Sulaun, Elmir* ud 8*cr*-
raento , 8:3-1*
7i««A VncarUle, Wlatns,"Ram*jy ?sM»
3iS«A M*rtiiier,Sau lUmon, Vallejo, Nrnjiik,
Calbtogs, and Santar Rosa, •iS3»
¦>•• a Dmiia, Woodland. Knlgau Landiafc
MarjiTille. <>rotill«. . . .-. 7:33f
SiOO* Atlantlo Kxpreas-Ogden and Eut »'«»
-8«I»»a Nile*. Lithrop. Stockton ?lS3»
St«*AKUM. Mandota, Hanford. Ylsalta,
•PortervlUe 4i3S»
•i*» A Sbaite Kxpren— D»tla, WiUistM (for
.-..-;...; BarUett Sprina). Willow*. Bad
Blirff. Portlmnd... 7««S»
¦••»•* 8»u Joie. Lliortncx*. Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, PUcenUIa,
MaryiTllle, Chlco; Had Bluff 4i33»
>>SOAOakdft]0,OhlneM,8oBora. Tuotmnn* 4s*3»
•(•Oa Harvard. Miles and Way Station!.. 1 1 i»3a.
•fOOAVaUejo lSt33»
li*Oi Loa AonlM Exprea* — Mutlnex,
. Tracy. Latlirop. Htookton, Merced
Fresno aud Loa Angales ,. 7iO3a
•iaOA VaRejn, Martinet Cud Way Station! 7:33f
ItiOOA The O»eri*nd Llmlted-OgdaD, Mm.'
Ter, Omaha. Chicago ««23» .
f Itflftr Saoramento Hirer Stammers illiiiOf
•••Or Uenlcia, Winters, Sacramento,
• Wowllaiid. Kntghta Landing.
Marysrtllft, Orovllle 10:3.14
•iS*r Harvard, Nilea and Way Station*.. 7sO3*
• li«<lr Martinez. Han 'lUmon. ValUJo,
N»p». CfttUtl).-*, Hanta Koia «>S3»
«r»Or Nile*. Urermore, 8toekton, Lodl... 13i33»
4iU»r Hayward. Nile*. Hod Jma. lArr nnora 1S:3Ja
4>SttrThe Owl Limited — Fresno. Tnlaro.
BakenUeld. 8anc>s (or Hauta Bar-
bara, lorn Ancetea... .............. SiSSfc
OiOOp Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrcp, Stockton 1o:S3a
Bioor Martinrs. Antloeh, Stockton, Mor-
oed, Fresno I*t23»
SiOttp IUyward, Hilt* *nd San Jeao. ...... TiSSa
t«iO«r Vallejo 111513*
•i«»r Oriental Matt— Ogden. Dearer,
Omaha. 81 Louis. Chicago «rM*
?i*«r Oregon and California Kxi>r<in. Has-
mwiwlu. M«rj»»l!l ? . ICtidillug.
l*ortlH»<l, Piiget rJonntl and Kaak ' «i3*5»
•iMrSaa Pablo, Port OonU, Uartlaea
md Way dtatloui IlilS*
, t»»O3r YallHfr ; 7i3i»f
COAST IjINE (.Narrow Uhuk»).
(Foot ol Market Street.)
••ISANew3xk.C'eiiteriUle,Ma»Joa«.k>lton. —
BoulderCreek.BaiitaQtuzaud Way
Station* ; Bt3t9
f*»I9r Newark. CsntarTille, Bail. Tote, New
Almadeu, Felton. linuMer Creek.
Santa Ciiu and l'linclpal Way
SUUiMia inirtru
4tlSr> Newark. Han Joio. Loa Gatos t«:5i»A
•».*»» Hunters' Train-Bin Jcsa and Way
Statlona n.»«»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tnm m raiHCISCO-Fjot of Muket Street (Slip 8>—
ti:15 9:00 ll:C0i.¥. 1:00 3:03 S:18'.M.
frtmOUUKB— Ntl •' Brj»i »«,».— 1«:00 18:00 tSXi
.. 10:00a.m. 13:03 8.03 «:33r.M. .
COAST LL\E (Hrnail flange).
(Third utiil Townseiul Sts.)
tit 1 « a San Jeseand Way stations. c.4«Z
?:«Oa Han Joie ami Way Stations fS:OV»#
¦ /7i»OA New Alirsiimi /4:10t)
StOOACe«st Line limited — San .lose.
GUroy. Saliuas. 3an Lnis Obispo,
, ' Bantu Barbara^ Loa Angvlee and
principal intermediate stations.... IO:4.&t- -
•:90a Hail June. Ties flrjos. HhuU r'rnx.
Piieitle tiro**, ballots. Sun Lais • /.-£:
5 Obispo and Principal lutermedUt*
¦Stnt.liins 4:1Q»
1«::I0a Ban Jcae and Way Stations.. MtM*
1 Is3Oa Man ,Ii)s« and Way Stations 'J; tlli
1S:-!3r San Maten. lUdwomt. Mcnlo Park. .
T*alu Alto. Hants. Clara, San Jim,
Trea Finos, Santa Crux, Salinas.
Monterey and Pacific Grore 1IA^UI4
8.3OrHan Jose and Way SUtlons. l«:i«f
M:l3r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 5i3»f
««30r Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days, Friday*, for Lo> Angeles, El
Faso. New Orleans and New York.
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays 1»>I3a
(.t:0Or San Jose, Los Gates and Principal
Way SUtlons t»iOO»
8:3Or 8aiiJhs« ami Principal Way Stations C-JMt
• x3»r San Jose ami WayHtailuus •.. 1i2OI
?:<Hlr New Orleans Express — 8a& Luis
, * Obispo. Santa Barbara, Loa An-
. eelea. D^mlns. El Faso. New Or-
leans and Bast ?iS*a>
f»l«43p 8au ¦>(.»» »ml Way Stations ?»8«>B»
A for Morning-. P for A ftemoon.
t HniKtay ezeeptsd, ? ftmtday only.
, /Tuesdays and JM&*J%±
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Xtepot.
~ Local LJm'd Ovrl'd Local
J Dally Dally Dally Dally
; Lv. San Fran*! 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:lS a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
- Merced.; 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno. . 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:5O p
J " Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
•• Visalia.. 3:3»p.... 5:00 a .......
•• Bakersfd 6:15 p Sc20p 7:45a
•' Kan.Clty ....... S»« ?:30a
" Chicaso ¦•?• 2=^p 9:00 p|
a for morning, p <f or afternoon.
9:00 a. -m train is the California Lim-
ited carrylne Palace Sleeplne Cars ¦ and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. - Chair Car
runs to Bakersfiefa . for accommodation of
local nrst-clasa passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. an. dally.
4:20 p. in. la Stockton. Merced and
Freuno local. Corresponding train arrives
at 12:30 p. m. dally. \
8 p m. la the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining; Chair Car3 to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrlvea at 6:00 p. m.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — frtl Market street and In Ferry
" Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway,
Oah l and l_____ B- «_ tm _ mm n an m sas^assasasm
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. COL
liBSSEES
SAM FRANCISCO AND HOBTH PACIF15 .
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry; Foot o^ Market SS.
6nn Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:CO a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.. m. Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra' trips
SUNDAYS^:^^^.'"^ a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, «:20 p. m.
San Rafael to Kan Francisco.
WEEK/ DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. nv;
l->-45 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 0:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:10,
5:05. 6:25 p. m. '
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 2S. 1901 1 San Franclsca.
Week I Sun- I I f un " I Week
Days. I days. | Destination! days. | Days.
7:30am 8:C0am Novato., 10:40am 8:40ara
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Roea. 7:35pm d:20pm
Fulton.
7 -30am Windsor. 10:25am
5;00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
, Lytton. •
Geyservllle,
3 -30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7-30am 5:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. 1:35pm 6:20pm
"7.30am ~~ ~ 10:40am 10:25am
¦ ' 8:00am GuernevUle. 7:35pm
' 3:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm •
*7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:4O*as
and
6:10pm S :00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm « :20pm
7:30am| 8:00aml |10:40am|10:25ain
3 :30pm I 5:0Opm[ Sebastopol. | 7 :35pm | 6:20pm
Stages eonnect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
; Fulton for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skagga Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers;" at Hopland for
¦ Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelsey-
ville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell L*ke, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights. Hull-rill*. Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. .Fort Brmgg.
WestPOrt Usal. Wlllits, Laytonville, Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer, Scotia
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
• Ticket office, €50 Market street. Chronicle
bU H? Cf WHITING. " . R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausali to Ferry ¦ Arrive
San Fran: Foot of Market St. San Fran.
l:15r. *•»•.*-«>•»• "J* 5:55p
F.r., Bu. Ftm«^«» to Summit udlUnra. ll.M. i
Btlurt Offlou, tn UA&IXT STBilX ud SACSAlilO TVLXZ.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAUST ST. Established
In IS34 for the treatment of Private
Dlwases. Lo«t Manhood. Debility or
rtis»-asc wearinfon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cares when
others fail. . Try him. Charges low..
Care* srnstrstn teed. CallorwzttsV
Dr. J. i 1 . «IBBOS. U*a Trandaco. C«X - __ •<
fa— mitP. ia<l ' g^* M MffiffWVfll!t''ll' < ?WMafMftBs«WlssBiiHW' s3w
DIED.
Atkinson, Lavina H. Use, Louisa •
Becker, Albert Jewett, Philo D.
Blaker, Katherine Kelly, Ellen
Block. Geor«-e • Keaser. Antone
Bovo. Gabriel J. . Loftus, Mary
Butts, Catharine McGuire,- Bridget
Cadogan, Timothy ' McHugh, Bridget
Cogswell, Caroline E. Mead, James F.
Connell, Marcaret Mehegan, John J. .
Curley, Kathleen Pust, Mrs. Anna E.
Diercks, Fredrick Raicevich, Lillie
• Kills, Elmer ¦ Rieley, Thomas J.
Fitzgerald, Nicholas Rowe. Catherine
• Fitzpatrlck. GuyM. Roylance, John
Flynn, William Salsbury, Thompson
Foster, George Schmidt. Charles
French. Hayes C. Smith. J. F,rank
Gambs, Ernest F. Stone. Jennie C.
Guenther. Charlea F. Veghte, Nellie M.
Hanson, Peter Warren, Anna V.
Hardwick, Lewis B. Woods, Catherine
Hobe. ¦William F. Wyman, John F.
Howe, Daniel T. . ¦
ATKINSON— In Colma, February 5, 1902, La-
vina Hurst, dearly beloved daughter of David
H. and Lizzie J. Atkinson, and sister of
! Flora McDonald and Douglas G. R. Atkin-
son, a native of California, aged 6 months
and 1 day.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, February 7, 1902, at 3:30 o'clock,
at the residence, near Colma, Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
BECKER— In this city, February 6, 1002, Al-
bert Becker, dearly beloved son of August
and Augusta Becker, and beloved brother of
' Augusta Becker, a native of San Francisco,
aged 10 months and 5 days. •
BLAKER— In Oakland. February 2, 1902,
Katherine Blaker, beloved wife of Captain
• C. H. Blaker. mother of Mrs. A. F. Quast
and J. D.. Jennie, James, Minnie,- George,
Charles and Milton Blaker. and niece of
Mrs. J. Lymu of San Francisco, aged 45.
years.,
tCFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
February 7. 1902, at 8:30 o'clock, from th<?
family residence. 1221 East Twenty-first
street, thence to the Church of the Immacu-
late Conception. Jefferson street, corner of
Eighth, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated at 0:30 o'clock for the retxise of
her soul. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
BLOCK — In Healdsburg, Sonoma County, Feb-
ruary 6, 1902, George Block, beloved husband
of Rcslne Block, and father of Mrs. J. A.
Cowen and George and Albert Block, a nai
• tlve of France, aged 72 years 9 months, and
14. days.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
BOVO— In this city. February 6, 1902, Gabriel
J., beloved husband of Mary Bovo, and
father of Gabriel. Stephen, Alfred, Victor,
Marguerite, Mary, Rudolph, Rosie and Bea-
trice Bovo. ' a native of Italy, aged tj<i years
9 months and 6 days.
E7Frlenus and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 547 Hayes street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BUTTS— In this city, February 6, 1902, Cath-
arine, beloved wife of the late John Butts,
and mother of Henry, Herman and Annie
Butts, a hative of Hanover, Germany, aged
70 years and 7 days. . '
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 69 Albion avenue, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth. Valencia and Guerrero. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electrio
funeral car.
CADOGAN— In this city, February 6, 1902,
Timothy, beloved husband of Mary Cadogan,
and father of William and Timothy Cado-
gan and the late John and Andrew Cadogan,
a native of Ireland. \
COGSWELL — In this city, February 6, 1902.
Caroline E., beloved wife of the late Henry
D. Cogswell, a native of Connecticut, aged
79 years 11 months and 13 days.
(C Notice of funeral -hereafter.
CONNELL — In this city, February 5, 1902,
Margaret Connell. relict of the late Dennis
Connell. and loyinz mother of J. E. and T.
J. Connell, Mrs. T. McGrath and Mrs. W. J.
Siebert, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 74 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. W. J. Slebert, 4S0
Sanchez street, between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth, tbence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-'
brated for thfe . repose of her soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURLEY— In this city, February 5. 1902,
Kathleen, beloved daughter of Edwin an-I
Nellie Curley, a native of San Francisco.
.aged 5 years 11 months .and 2 days.
DIERCKS — In this city. February 6, ' 1902,
• Fredrick, beloved brother of John F. Diercks,
a native of Germany, asod. 55 years.
ELLIS — In Electra, February 5, 1902, Elmer
Ellis, beloved son of Kate and the late Na-
than R. Ellis, and brother of Lillle, Randall
and Herbert Ellis, . a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 5 months and 2 days.
my Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 3427 Twenty-fifth
. street, thence to St. James Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross-. Cemetery.
FITZGERALD — In this city, February 5," 1902
Nicholas, dearly beloved hugband of Mary
Fitzeerald. and brother of Mrs. William
Malone and Mrs. Mary Powers, a native of
County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 59 years. A
• member of St. Patrick's Unity Alliance
. No. 14. i
IC7"FriendR and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8;30 o'clock, from the parlors'
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
UNITY Alliance No. 14, St. Patrick's Alliance
of America — Funeral detail: You are re-
quested to assemble at the undertaking par-
lors of J. C. O'Ccnnor & Co., 707 Mission
street. Friday morning, February 7, at 8
o'clock, to attend tl e funeral of our late
brother, Nicholas Fitzgerald. Fines for non-
attendance. Per order
JAMES McGOVERN. President
JAMES J. ROCK* Secretary.
FITZPATRICK— In this city, February 6, 1902
Guy M.. beloved husband of Nellie Fitzpat-
rick, and father of Ethel, Frank and Willie
•Fitzpatrick, a native of Nevada, aeed 28
years and 17 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are" respect-
fully Invited to attend -the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 728 Bay street.
FLYNN— In this city, February 5, .1902, Wil-
liam, beloved brother cf Maurice Flynn. Mrs
T. Landry and Mrs. J. C. Kemp, a native of
County Cork, Ireland.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
or Ccrew & English, 29 Van Nesa avenue,
thence to Mission Dolorea Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, . commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOSTER— In this city, February . 4, 1902,
George, beloved husband of Sarah A. Foster
and father of Allie T., Edward T.. George
L. and Harold Foster, a native of England
aged C8 years 3 months and 11 days. (Vir-
ginia City, Nev., 'papers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, Seventh and Market streets, under the
auspices of I. O. O. F. Relief Committee.
. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FRENCH— February 5, 1902, Hayes Clifton
French, M. D., beloved husband of Rose M.
French, and father of Vida C. and Victoria-
R. French, a native of England, aged 62
years.
GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, February 9, at 2 o'clock, at Red
Men's building, 320 Post street, under the aus-
pices of George H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
Interment' private. Remains at the funerai
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
GAMBS — In this city, February 6, 1902, Ernest
F. Gambs, dearly beloved son of Mrs.- Henry
-Gambs, and brother of. Walter Gambs and
Mrs. Henry Kern, .a rfative of Baltimore
Md.. aged 43 years 2 months and 22 days.
- (ET-Frlendd and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1815 Devisadero street, between Bush
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan Ik Gallagher )
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth «t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone Eouth 60.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
-'•. 1 .^ «AN BRtJTCO HILLS. .
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET. *
3. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UiSDtiKTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M J
McBrearty. with the came company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
JAMBS McGINN, /¦
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy si., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 570.,
1 UNITED UNDERTAKERS')
¦ 27 art* 29 Fifth St. Tel. South W7 .1
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMHALMER3. M
M *2"«»' Equipment »t • Moderate -Rut c*. ¦
REMOVED!
mcGlNN BROS.t
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS, -to 224 and 226 McAllister st. (For-
merlv of 31 Eddy st. * Tel. South 252.)
and Pine. ' Please omit flowers. - Interment,
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .,' . * > < '
GUENTHER— In this city, : February 5, 1902,
Charles Francis GuentWr,,id«arly. beloved
son of. Charles andRosavGuenther, brother
of Oliver and Louisa Guenther, and grand-
son of Mr. - and Mrs. . Fred ' Braun, a native
of Germany, aged 2 yeara, 3. months and 17
. days.- : ..-:-.¦. a- i.-*j* -.:¦-. _.. ¦
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to . attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 -o'clock, from 'the residence
of 'his parents, 1713 Leavenworth street, be-
tween Broadway and Vallejo, and thence to
St. Boniface's Church, ' on Golden Gate ave- 1
nue, between Jones and j Leavenworth, at !
10:30 o'clock for services. .- Interment Holy
Cross Cerrfltery. by carriages.
HANSON— In' the City and County;. Hospital.
February 6, 1902, Peter Hanson, a native
of Sweden, aged 57 years, f
HARDWICK — In Fruitvale. February 5, 1902.
Lewis B.. "beloved husband of Julia A. Hard-
wick, father of Frank A^ • Hardwlck .. and
.'.Mrs. Florence A. Monchamp,* and brother of
August and George Hardwick, a native of
Quincy, Mass., aged 61 years S months and
8 days. • ' • ' • ' ¦ ' ." ~
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
February 7, at -.2 o'clock,, from the First
Baptist Church, Santa Clara' and Ben ton
streets, Alameda. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. . . • ; ¦
HOBE— In this city, February 5, 1902. Wil-
liam F., son of Elsie', A. and the late
• Adolphus A. Hobe, and brother of Mrs. John
Kelly, Mrs. Henrv -B. Madison and Sophia
A., Adolphus A., Mattie A. and Adelaide M.
Hobe, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years 1 month and- 2G days.' , ,<-
(E7"Friends are respectfully •' Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Fridayl,, at 10:o0
o'clock, from his la£e residence/^ 604 Capp
street, near Twenty-first. .Interment Ma-
conic Cemetery.. :. '' : . ¦> ' _
HOWE— In this city, February 6, 1902, Daniet
T., beloved son of America B. Cochran, and
brother of John M. and James T. Howe, a
native of Missouri, aged 42 years 10 months
and 15 days^, (Oregon papers pleas* copy.)
ETRemafWs at the funeral parlprs. of Mc-
Ginn Bros., 224-22(3 McAllister street.
ILSE — In this city, February 5,, 1902, Louisa
Use, beloved wife of Ludwig Use, and mother
of Willie, Hazel and Gertrude llse, a native
of Germany, aged 38 years 1 month "and 19
days. ; . ¦
' ILy Friends end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend : the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 901 Point Lobos avenue. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ,
JEWETT— In this city, February 5, 1902,
Philo D., beloved husband of Jeanie D. Jew-
ett, and father of Mrs. E. W. Burr and
Lathrop W., Helen K., Hugh S. and'Phelps
D. Jewett, a native of Weybrldge, Vt., aged
(54 years « months and 5 days.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
KELLY— In this city, February 5, 1902, Ellen,
dearly beloved wife of Lawrence Kelly, and
mother of James H., John J., Thomas T.,
Fred L. and Nellie D. Kelly and Mrs. J. F.
Ryan, and sister of Mrs. John Golden, a ha-
native of County Cork, Ireland.
lC?"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 124 Le Boy place, thence to St.
Mary's Church (Paulist Fathers), California
and Dupont streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
.her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEASER— In this city,. February 4, 1902,' An-
tone, beloved son of Antone and May Keaser,
A native of San Francisco, aged 1 month and
• 15 days.
LOFTUS— In this city, February 6, 1902. Mary
Loftus.
[ET'Notice of funeral hereafter.
McGUIRB — A solemn reauiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of. the soul of
The late. Bridget McGuire Saturday, February
8, at 9 o'clock, at St. Mary's Cathedral.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to -attend.
McHUGH — In this city, February 6, 1902.
Bridget McHugh, beloved sister of Felix Mc-
Hueh ¦ and Mrs. Ellen Mann, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland;
E7"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock," from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty &. Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church
for services at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEAD — In this city. February tp. 1902, at his
residence, 317 Pans street, James F. Mead,
beloved .brother of Martin T, Mead, Mrs. H.
Dlttrlch, Mrs. Lou Cooper and the late
- Henry H. Mead, a native of Michigan, aged
46 years 1 month and 8 days.
MEHEGAN — In this city, February 6, 1902,
John J., beloved husband of the late Annie
Mehecan, father of Margaret. John, Robert
and Annie Mehegan, dearly beloved son cf
Jeremiah and Honora Mehegan, and brother
of Patrick J., Daniel F., George A. and"
Robert A. Mehegan, Mrs. J. Doran, Mrs. J.
Donnelly and Mrs. M. Quinlan, a native of
New York, aged 39 years 8 months and 27
days. • . • • -. .
- E3>*FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his DarentB, 1231 Pierce street,
, thence to Holy Cross Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the reDOse of his soul, commencing at
.10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
PUST— In 'this' cltv, February 6, 1002, Mrs.
Anna E. Pust, beloved mother of Huldah T.
Planee, Amand T. and Festus A. Pust, Mrs.
Agnes R. Swift and Mrs. Frances Mayers, a
¦ native of Germany, aged 79 years 10 months
and 19 days. .
RAICEVICH — In. this city. February 5, 1902,
Lillis, dearly Beloved wife of S^iro Raice-
vich, mother of George, Ella, Spiro, Peter.
Lillle. Rudolph, Valeria and the late Regina
Ralcevlch, and sister of Mrs. Jennie Crane,
a native of San Juan, San Benito County,
Cal., aged 41 years 4 months and 2ti days.
(Hollister papers please copy.)
• icyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.'
ROWE— In this city, February 0, 1302, Cath-'
erine, beloved wife of James Rowe, an..1
mother of S : oter. Mary Gongaza, Catherine
V., Margaret C. and John J. Rowe and Mrs.
M. J. Kehoe, a native of County Donegal,
Irelnnd, aged 64 y-;ars 2 months and 1 day.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at' 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 114 Russ street, between Sixth
and Seventh, Howard and Folsom, thence to
-St. Patrick's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mafs will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery,
ROYLANCE— In this city, February 5, 1002,
Jonn Roylance, . dearly beloved husband ot
Jane Roylance, and brother of Joseph Roy-
lance, ' a native of England, aged til) years
. 7 months and 21 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, February 7, 1002, at 2 o'clock, at
the parlors of the Craig & Cochran Company,
52 and 5t3 Mint avenue. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. -:-~A ¦
RIELEY — In Arizona. February 5,- 1802,
Thomas J.. beloved son of Thomas and the
late Bridget Rieley, and brother of Mrs.
James U. Crowe and Joseph G. and James
Rieley, a native of San Francisco. ¦ • , .
SALSBURY — In Rotterdam, Holland, Decem-
ber 9, 1901, off steamship Clyde, Thompson
G. Ealsbury, brother of L. L. M. and George
M. Salsbury, a. native of Sacramento, Cal.;
aged 32 years. ' :
SCHMIDT— In this city, February 6, 1902,
Charles, beloved husband of Lizzie Schmidt,
and father of Florence and Dorothy Schmidt,
a native of San Francisco, aged 43 years and
. 1 month.
SMITH — In this '. city, February 6, 1902, J.
Frank "Smith, beloved husband of Mm. M.
B. Smith, ton of James R. and Lottie R
Smith, and brother of George A., C. How-
ard and Arthur P. Smith, a native of New
Bedford, Mass., aged 34 years 11 months
and 0 daya. ' '.
1C7" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Friday), at
11 o'clock, at his late residence. 1889 Eddy
street. Interment private, Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. - ¦
STONE— In this city, Feruary 4, 1902, Jennl*
C, beloved wife of W. W. Stone, and mother
of .Mrs. Frank McCullough of -Los Angeles
and Mrs. N. P. Cole Jr., a native of Grand
Rapids, Mich.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o" clock, from , St. .Paul's
Episcopal Church, California street, between
Fillmore and Steiner. , Interment private.
Remains at the parlors of the Western Ad-
dition Funeral Directors, 2428 California
street. . - ' . ,". . <
VEGHTE— In this city, February 5, 1902, Nel-
lie M., beloved wife of Alfred* T. Veghte,
and sister of Mrs. I. C. Cross, aged 28 years
and 4 months. / ¦ . .
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ¦ the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 501 Lyon street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. •
WARREN— In this city, February 6, 1902,
¦ Anna Violet, beloved daughter of George F.
and Maude R: Warren, and sister of George
Andrew Warren, a native of I Merced Falls,
Cal., aged 2 years and 5 months.
WOODS — In this city, February. 5, 1902, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of James Woods, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, aged 45 years.
(CyTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ' the funeral l to-day
(Friday),- at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 109 RoRnoke " street, ,; oft Chenery,
thence to St. John's Church, (formerly St.
Mary's College),- where < a solemn " requiem
"mass will be celebrated for the repose cf her
¦ soul,^ .commencing at 9 o'clock. - Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . , ,.-¦,.-
WYMAN— In this city, - February 6, 1902,
John F. Wyman, beloved father of Forrest
Wyman, Mrs. Florence A. Gardner and Mrs
Lizzie A. Hardy of Plymouth, Maas., a na-
tive of Maine, 'aged 59 years 4 months and 5
days. (Maine papers please copy.)
ETTuneral - services • Sunday, • February - 9,'
• at 10 o'clock,' at the residence of his daugh-
ter, Mrs. F. A. Gardner, 1 650 Broderick
street, between Fulton and Grove. • ¦ ,. . ¦
•OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦U i '- : -T ••'¦' Steamers leave Broadway
KWfc^. ' Wharf. San Francisco:
HTYlSSk For Ketchlkan, Juneau,
KsSZ^CaW-^ Skagway, etc., Alaska— 11 a.
laT^^Sa ">•• F eb. 5, 10, 15, 20. 25.-
i Rfix\5S*3 Wl March 2. Change ta • com.
Pany's steamers at Seattle.
j B^aW®S;ai For Victoria, Vancouver,
Porty Townsend, Seattle, Taco-
ma, Everett, New Whatcom —
11, a, m. Feb. 5. 10, 15, 20, 25, March 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.-; at Vancouver to C P. Ky.
For • Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1 :30 p. m.,
Feb. 1, 6. 11. lOi.ai. 20. March 3. v
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Redondo (Los. An-
peles) — Steamer Spokane, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cat.. Wednesdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey,, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis TObisDo). Santa Barbara. Ventnra, Hue-
neme. East SanaPedro, San Pedro and *New-
. port (*Bonlta only). . ¦
Bonita 9 a. ml, Feb. 3, 11, 19, 27. March 7.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Feb. 7. 15, 23, March 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. •
For further Information obtain folder.
Right, is -reserved to change steamers or sall-
inz dates. . __- .
TICK15T OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). •
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OR & TV- GO.
O»ly Steamship XjIxx* to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail I. ins from Portland to alt
points East. Through Tickets to all
' poin*-*. -»'' m" o- »team«hti> ntfi rail, at
ZjOTVTEST HATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH ml HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails -
Feb. 2. 12, 22; Mar. 4, 14, 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Feb. 7? IT. 27; Mar. 9. 19. -29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear (St.." 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1-Montg'y, S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAIS1A.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India, i
etc No cargo received on board on day of
sailing. . ' . -
SS. NIPPON MARTI ,
... .: — V. — Tuesday; February 25th. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday, March 21st, 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU ../.'....
Tuesday. April 15th, 1902
• Round-trip tickets at reduced rates.. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First., _,. . -_ ¦ ¦ -
W^. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And . Gia M Americana ds Vapors:
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American. ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 ni.
TUCAPEL . . . .Feb. 101 PALT3NA March 10
GUATEMALA.. Feb. 18 SANJIAGO
These steamers are bujlt expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street
-BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney Sat.. Feb. 8. -7 p m
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu ...¦...-...' I
Saturday. Feb. 15, '02, 2pm
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti, about FebV 1!)
J. d: SP3ECK€LS & BROS. CO., Baam Agents, 327 Uarba«
lea'l Passsogir Gfliss, 643 Markst St., Her la. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R. R, l BS f:
TO NEW YORK _YIA PANAMA ' DIRECT.
Cabin, $106; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. 6. Leelanaw sails Fr. day. Feb. 7
S. S. Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. 13
8. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Mar, 24
From' Lombard-street wharf at 2 p. m. '
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
.. ' AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORK — SOUTHAMPTON — LONDOX
Phlla., Feb. 12, 10a.rn.iSt. Louls,Feb.28,10a.rn
St. Paul, Feb. 19, 10a.m. I Phlla., Mar. 5,10 a. m.
REu STAk LINE
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Zeeland, Feb. ,12. noon) Friesland Feb. 2G noon
Haverford. Feb. 19, noon I South wark. Mar.S noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.'.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. .
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
COMPAG2TI3 GENERAI/3 TBANSATLANTIQUJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. «_ •
Sailing every Thursday, instead of v&!Wr?fc
Saturday, at .10 a. m.. from pier 42, »3Mliaa3
I North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. 'Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA- i
DA, 82 Broadway (Hudson . building). New
York. J. F. . FUGAZI & . CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
SAY AND BIVEB gTF.ATVrF.Ha.
'.Steaman GEJ?. 1 FRISBI3 or M0NTICBLL3
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. tn., 12:30 noon, 0 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7-a. m., 4:15 p.m. Fare SO
cents. ¦ Telephone Main : 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
B AEDW A Y XB A VEL.~
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD^
' ? , -- ;-;Vla i Sausallto Ferry
« . * 5 Cbmmenclnic Sestember 29, 1901. ' '¦ T\
FROM SAN 'FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
,-,., i. i --,'-.¦ .'AND,SAN RAFAEL.
; WEEK: -DAYS— 6:55, 8:30, *9:30.- 11:00 a. m..
•1:45. .S:18.;4:15.'5:15, 'CIS,. 6:45 p.m.
EXTRA STRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael" on * Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
daVs at : 8:30 and -11:40 p. m. '
' SUNDAYS— •8:00. no :00. Ul:30 a. m., »1:15,
3:15 :r *4:45,;C:30.- 0:30 p. m.
Trains . marked (•) run to San Quentin.'
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:'25, C:27. 7:45. 8:35. 10:15
a. ni., •12:25. 2:15. »3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. m. v
, EXTRA ¦ 'TRIPS ' on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m. - . -.--
SUNDAYS— 6:15, »S:00, ?10:00, •11:45 a.m..
•1:40, »3: 15, 4:45, «6:30-p. ml.
. Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK . DAYS— 6 : 15. 6 :45, 7 :55, 8 :S5, • 10 :30
a. m., 12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 5:10 p. m:
; EXTRA . TRIPS on -Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. - -
- SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15,
3:30,-5:00, C-.45 ¦ p. m. o^ahaagiii jbuma
- . THROUGH TRAINS.
•6:56 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.. - - • •
. 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. - .-. ; '•¦ ' : - . . v
. 8:00 a. m. Sunday*— Duncan Mills and way
stations, ' . ¦ ,''-»*
"- Legal Holiday. boats and trains will .run on
Sunday time. ¦ .In many of the restaurants and meeting
places of Chinatown the discovery of the
fraud in Ma Foo's case was discussed last
night, and it is safe, to predict that the
members qf the gang that bribed young
Duffy will not be found when a search is
made for them by the Federal officials.
No amount of questioning could, elicit
any reply from the men in the store as
to what Pon Toy did for a living or where
he lived. Pon Sing, the reputed proprietor
of the place, would neither admit nor deny
that Pon Toy was employed there or was
known to him.
A few minutes later a Chinese, entered
the store and whispered to one of the men
behind the counter "to tell the white man
nothing" and then made a dive for the
street and disappeared in the holiday
crowd. i . v
When Pon Toy was told that he was in
danger of getting into trouble in connec
tion with Ma Foo's illegal landing, he
suddenly rushed from the store and bolted
down the street. •• • -
"Tell the White Man Nothing."
I .was in Stidger's office; this morning on
other business. ; I met Lee there and Lee paid
Stidger. $3 and asked him to dismiss the case
of. Ma* Foo. I -did- not go there with Lee — I
met him there by accident. I don't know why
Lee wanted the case of Ma Foo,, dismissed. I
don't know ' anything : about an uncle of Ma
Foo going to Sacramento.
Pon Toy denied that he had visited
Stidger's office yesterday, morning, as
claimed by the attorney, but changed his
mind on reflection and said:
When asked what the full name of Lee
was, the wily Chinese j could not remem
ber. He did not know where Lee lived,
but thought he could find him. .
I was In Stidger's office last week on some
business and I met a man named Lee there.
Lee wanted to employ Stidger to get a writ
of habeas corpus for Ma Foo.' I acted as in
terpreter for .Lee.
His explanation of his connection with
Stidger and Ma Foo was entirely differ
ent , to that made by Stidger and is as
follows: . .» . • , - ' - .
Pon Toy, however, speaks English flu
ently an'd finally admitted that he was the
man sought for. He was asked if he
knew Stidger and denied any knowledge
of the. attorney, but on •¦ being informed
that he had been seen visiting Stidger's
office admitted having done. .business with
him.
Pon Toy, the Chinese mentioned by
Stidger, was located ¦ last night In a'
butcher shop at the corner of Dupont and.-
Commercial streets. When he was asked
if his name was Pon Toy he denied being
the man and, like, all Chinese, pretended
to "no savee English." I
Stidger came into, prominence in con
nection with" the trial of the Ciprlco-Foss
gang of forgers of Chinese ' certificates.
Stidger was a deputy of the special agent
of the internal revenue, Bert Thomas, and
worked up the evidence against Ciprico
and his accomplices. At the trial of the
forgers, the attorneys for the defense ac
cused Stidger of being implicated in the
frauds and of turning State's evidence.
Stidger remained in the Government'serv
ice until 1896, when he resigned ¦ his posi
tion, securing the best of testimonials
from his former superiors in the Govern
ment service. > . •
Pon Toy Contradicts Lawyer.
Well, it was this way: Pon Toy came to
me this morning and gave me $3 and told me
that one of the uncles of Ma Foo, who was
to appear as a witness in the case, had gone
to Sacramento for the Chinese New Year fes
tivities and it was uncertain when he would
ness Pon .Toy said that he wanted the case
dismissed and he and those he represented
would consent -to Ma Foo being returned to
China. I thought the request was an unusual
one, but 1 1 did as requested. The $i was to
pay the fee of dismissing the habeas corpus
case. When I asked that the case be dis
missed the District Attorney's office would not
consent and had It go over until next- Mon
day. I told Pon Toy of this and informed him
that he would have to be present and pay the
costs, amounting to about $10. He seemed
perfectly satisfied. . • .
Stidger is persona non grata with the
officials of the i Chinese bureau. Some
weeks ago Chief Dunn of the Chinese bu
reau refused to allow Stidger to enter the
office or see any of the- papers, charging
him with not complying with the rules of
the department. Stidger in return accused
Dunn of unfair treatment and filed com
plaint with the Secretary of the Treasury.
Dunn is now in Washington and the Seer
retary of the Treasury has the affair un
der consideration. .
'Stidger. was asked why he had gone be
fore Commissioner Heacock. requested
that official to dismiss the habeas corpus
proceedings in Ma Foo's case and con
sented-to his client being remanded back
to China. He said: . *
I ; was - employed by Pon Toy to secure the
writ of habeas corpua for Ma Foo. Pon Toy
is a . well-known merchant in Chinatown. I
had no dealings with . any other Chinese in
this case. Pon Toy acted as Interpreter • for
the friends 'of Ma Foo. I looked' to Pon Toy
for payment of my fees. I have not seen Ma
Foo at any time and I know nothing of the
substitution of another man in his place.
Attorney O. H P. Stidger, who applied for
the writ of habeas corpus In the. case of
Ma Foo, was seen last evening and asked
as to his connection with the case., Stidger
made the. following statement: . >
Deputy Marshal Burnham
Accidentally Secures
Inkling of Daring Plot
Fraud Is Practiced When
a Detained Oriental Is
taken to Federal Court
Mongolians have been sent back to China when
their attorneys have asked a dismissal of the
proceedings and have WDnsented to . a remand
being entered.. - A;:-
In all cases where " Chinese women are
Drought before me on habeas corous proceed
ings, I notify Rev Dr. Gardner of the Chinese
Bureau to be present. I think that if the of
ficers of the Chinese Bureau would be here in
all habeas corpus cases and any fraud was at
tempted, as in the Ma -Foo case. It .would be
detected immediately.- ' :
The officials of the Chinese Bureau
stated yesterday that they were not re
sponsible for the substitution of an old
man for- the real Ma Foo. They explained
that thetr- duty ended when they had ex
amined .Chinese- applicants for landing
and had'; passed on • the cases, and that
they, did not care to- interject themselves
into proceedings in the federal courts.
Chief Deputy. Farish Explains.
In the office of United States Marshal
Shine there- was evident pleasure over the
fact that Deputy Burnham had been the
means of unearthing : a novel .plan by
CONSPIRATORS SUBSTITUTE AN AGED MAN FOR YOUNG CHINESE
AND SUCCEED WITH EASE IN EVADING THE EXCLUSION LAWS
John Duffy, Employed at
Mail Dock, Arrested for
Aiding Ma Foo to Land
AT the time -when the Government
• is considering the renewal of the
Chincec exclus!on laws and hun
dreds of- thousands of dollars are
being expended annually to en
force the present laws against the incom
ing cf the, Mongolian a shrewd scheme
has come to light by which the wily Ori
ental can enter into the forbidden land.
By absolute chance, and not on account
of ar.\- investigation, a plot was un
earthed yesterday by Federal officials
showing "that there is little difficulty for
to enter this country in defiance
of all the laws.
•Tohn Duffy, a driver for Herbert Crich
ton. who does the hauling for the Pacilic
a:a'.i Steair.snip Company, vras arretteo
yesterday afternoon and charged with
aSdir.g and abetting In the illegal landing
of Chitvse ia the United States. The spe
cific offense of which Duffy is accused is
the substitution -of an old Chinese, name
VT.^no-Kn. for Ma Foo, an Oriental, aged
35 years, who sought to enter \his country
in \ransit to Mexico. :.
The investigations made yesterday by
United States District Attorney W'ood
vorili show that a remarkable state of
a'^Kir* has existed in the handling of Chi
nt-tre who are awaiting examination by the
authorities as to their right to land , in
America,
Deputy Eurnham Detects Scheme.
To D« puty United States Marshal Burn
• ham belongs the <redit of being the rirst
to get an inkling of a new scheme,
listened fcy Chinese and presumably as-
Eisted by white men. to" secure landing
lor thtir friends from the Orient.'
In Ju'y of last year when the steamship
Coptic arrived here from Hongkong she
had on board Ma Foo, a Chisiese. who
;;: Kid to be allowed tq land and proceed
in transit through the United States to
MoJiieo-
With hur.dredp of his countrymen. Ma
Foo was placed in the detention sheds of
the Pacific Mail Company at Second and
Krsnr.an streets, and the expensive ma
chinery of Uncle Sam's Government was
kept at work in order that Ma Foo might
r.ot slip unforbidden into the greatest re
public of all times~
The officials of the Chinese bureau duly
photographed Ma Foo and put h,m
through an examination, but. they were
not satisfied that he was telling the truth
as to his desire to go to Mexico. On the
recommendation of the bureau the Col
lector of the Port denied landing to Ma
Foo. ¦ ¦
Although the action of the Collector of
the port took place some months ago, the
Pacific Mail Company did notreturn Ma
Foo to China, as it should have done. In
the quarters of the "Hotel Mongolia" on
ine Mail dock Ma Foo spent many weary
rfays listening to the roar of the traffic of
the city* to which he was denied admls
fiin. . ,
Many of the steamers of the Pacific
Mail Company have departed for the
Oriont since the time that Ma Foo was
ordpred by the Collector of the Port to be
returned to China, but still the slant-eyed
prisoner was? kept In durance.
In a manner known to the Chinese word
¦was sent to the city's unsavory Oriental
district that Ma Foo pined for the Chinese
lily and the sweetmeats of*the new year
in preference to the bill of fare of the
"Hotel Mongolia" or a return trip to the
land of the Boxer.
Last Thursday Attorney O. P. Stidger
was retained by friends of Ma Foo to se
cure a writ of habeas corpus for him. on
the cround that he was a native born
American and was being deprived of his
liberty by the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company.
On Friday last Stldgrer applied for the
writ and Judge de Haven ordered the
Mail Company to produce Ma Foo in
court.
When the paperakwere served on the of
ficials of the Malr Company orders were
given at the Mall dock . for the Chinese
in cjuestion to be turned over to the Fed
eral officials.
Ha Foo CliaDged Into Old Man.
"With a show of bravery. Ma Foo jcame
from his dingy bunk in the detention
Fheds and was turned over to John Duuy,
the driver for Crichton, who hauls freight
for the Mail Company, and also hauls the
Chinese to and from the dock and the
courts of justice.
Duffy is 20 years of age and has a cun
ning face. When he received orders to
haul lla Foo to the Federal building and
turn him over to the 'United. States Mar
shal it was part of his work to convey
the Mongolian to a photographic gallery
and have him photographed, in order mat
Ma Foo's picture might be affixed to the
papers in the writ of habeas corpus.
Duffy took Ma Foo to Brown's gallery
in Chinatown, and while there Deputy
United States Marshal Burnham entered
the gallery in order to have a Chinese
woman photographed. Burnham saw
Dulfy and Ma Foo and heard the young
driver give the name of the Chinese to
the clerk of the gallery.
Tfcen Burnham saw Duffy depart with
his charge, presumably to deliver him
over to Marsha! Shine.
Two hours later Burriham returned to
the Marshal's office in the Federal build-
Ing. He happened to look into the deten
tion room and saw an aged Chinese sit
ting there.
"Who is that old fellow?" asked Burn
nam of Chief Deputy Farish. .
"He If Ma Foo," replied Farish. "He
has applied for a writ of habeas corpus
on the ground of being a native born
American and wants to go to Mexico."
Duffy Certainly Is a "Wiz."
Burnham was dumfounded when ne
. TKE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7,* 1902.
Bionhart's ; Flaxseed Balsam
.WiU cure your cough. 60 cents at all druggiits.
Burnstein, a Chicago' jeweler
flle.d a suit yesterday against W.F. Aid
rich, executor' of the estate of .Rounse
velle '.Wildman, late United i States Con
sel General at ; Hongkong, who lost his
life' in the wreck of the Rio Janeiro, to
recover $326 • the value of a diamond ring
and»a bracelet he sold to Wildman before
the^ latter went : to China. He claims to
hold a note for; the; amount. ¦ ' . - ,
Wildman's Executor Sued.
Why not wear- good shoes when you can
buy a pair for 20: cents ? We are selling
the balance of Fairchlld's stock at 20 and
40 cents a^pair.. -You know he alwayfcai
ried the best shoes that* could be boueht
for money.,:Come and buy a pair before
they are all . gone at the Monarch 14*'
Market street.; : ••;¦ .. - , - - .; ' «
$3.00 to $5.00 Shoes 20 Cents a Pair
Captain Thomas Couch was a native of
Helston Cornwall, England, and was 5S
years of age. His wife, six sons and one
daughter - survive him. His body was
taken last night on the Overland 1 train to
be interred at; Great Falls, Montanaf
¦ During the late Spanish war Captain
Couch came into prominence for his phi
•lanthropy toward the volunteer Mi
dlers. .He .spent.- a. large .sum of money
entertaining the members of the Montana
regiment -Every soldier in it was the re
cipient of hid generosity.
Captain Thomas Couch, the well known
mining man and a familiar figure around
the. Palace Hotel, died yesterday at the
Homeopathic Hospital. He was taken 111
about six weeks ago and came down from
Montana in the hope that the chance
would be of benefit to his health!.
The deceased leaves an estate supposed
to be worth $1,000,000. He had been min
ing for many years and made his first rich
strike in the Butte and Boston and the
Boston and Montana, mines, which ar»
located near Butte. At the time of hJ^
death he owned valuable interests in these
mines and also in dredging rights at Oro
ville.. .
Captain Thomas Gouch
' Dies at a Private
Hospital. '
LEAVES ESTATE
WORTH MILLION
Dr.-'Geo; Stallman, Dentist, 120 Sutter St.*
Business men; congregate; at Cafe Zln-
Uand f or lurich.r Good , service. ' . : • -
'SUES TO RECOVER • MONEY.— Edward
Ackley, administrator , of the estate of the
late 'Kate McCann/: filed a 'suit to recover $653
from,H. F. Mull in yesterday. He claims the
money, is part, of^the McCann estate.
¦¦WIDOW . SUES FOR .DAMAGES.— Maria
Pelegrlnelll, widow of Amateo ' , Pelegrlnelll,
who was killed by a fall into a .well at a lum
ber camp in Slsklyou County opera ted by the
McCloud River Lumber " Company in -May,
1900, filed : a : suit for $25,000 damages . yester
day. • , ... v ;"".¦;."..' • :
Amount-, that, will be delinquent, on .
city, and county taxes annual set- ¦ '
tlement ,. .... ... .... .--. ...... .$134,527 26
' ' ' - .¦" .. ' • '; • $101,528 26
State's portion on $199,528 26.. .... 00,001 00
¦Total State and'eity. delinquency;. $199,528 26
Deduct; for .' possible ¦ collections to
annual settlement .............'.. 5,000 00
Tax Collector Smith discovered yester
day that the prospective delinquency in the
collection of taxes due the city and State
for the fiscal year 1901-1902 will cause a
deficit of more ' than $100,000 in the city's
funds. , ¦ , . jp ¦•:,•,
Should Smith's calculations, prove to be
correct lt'.wiU"necessitate a rearrange
ment of the various funds of the last tax
budget adopted by the Board of Super
visors to .'conform ¦ to the -^reduction :in
revenue. When the appropriations were
made they were based on a total assessed
valuation of $400,000,000, but when Assessor
Dodge reported an increased valuation of
$8,000,000, additional appropriations were
made corresponding to . the taxes that
would be raised on the difference. -
Tax, Collector Smith has compiled, a
statement Showing' that there will be an
estimated 'deficiency of nearly $200,000 in
tax collections when the annual .settle
ment Is made next July. About one-third
of this amount will be borne by the State,
but the rest will be the city's: loss. The
deficiency represents the taxes on an as
sessment of about $12,000,000, showing that
the-tax budget. waSvbased on too high a
valuation by the sum named. The state
ment follows:. : ¦*.«".' "
Amount, usually delinquent- at an
nual settlement -on. real estate >'¦'
: taxes . t ........ J.. ..........' $40,000 00
Amount that will be delinquent at ;. <
• annual settlement on secured per
1 sonal property ...¦.........'.....¦. ..,106,571 64
Amount that will be. delinquent at,. '. :-'^'ir'
annual settlement ¦ on ' unsecured .' ¦
¦ personal . property V. '. ..*.... 52,956 72
¦ Mrs. Oelrichs is the owner, of three val
uable white French poodles, which' she
brought out on the" train. .The dogs are
of a rare species, and an attendant was
zealously guarding "them '¦'"¦ last evening
while they gamboled around the spacious
garden after being cooped: up for several
days. •; ¦¦¦¦ .•¦ : / ¦; ', •¦ ¦ ';¦¦'¦¦¦' .
Mrs. Oelrichs will not entertain ; at the
Fair.mansion during her stay in this
city.' She ; says that, though she is-ln
splenciifl health, "she requires 'a. rest, and
her time will 'be spent very. : quietlvrin
San Francisco. • ¦-' .. .'.: . : v
Mrs. • Oelrichs brought *¦ with her a reti
nue of eight servants-. She also brought
twenty-two trunks.r filled with the very
latest- Parisian gowns. .. On^ her arrival in
this cHy she was driven to the Fair man
sion at the ; corner of Pine > and Jones
streets. ;The house had' been beautifully
decorated with magnificent roses and vio
lets in anticipation of rher return , to this
city, by Mr. Oelrichs.: .' '' ••¦• -
Mrs. .William K. , Vanderbilt Jr. was to
have been the traveling companion of
Mrs. Oelrichs on this trip to California,
but at the last moment Mrs. Vanderbilt
was > taken- very 'ill. -When she fully re
covers - her health she will Join Mr. and
Mrs. Oelricha in:this;city and travel East
with them. ¦:.¦¦'. .'
'.Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs . arrived last
evening from New York, accompanied by
her son, Hermann Oelrichs i Jr., 11 years
of age. Mr. Oelrichs left this city early
yesterday morning and went .up' as far
as Sacramento to greet his wife- and es
cort her to this city. : '.'.:
Mrs. Oelricha* comes to California for a
rest, and she : says she expects; to remain
here about two ; hionths. 'During her so
journ in the West Mr. and Mrs. Oelrichs
wijl make an extended tour of* Southern
California. They will then spend a . few
weeks in New. York ana sail' for Europe
about, the middle of June. '¦/- .'¦¦¦
Arrival of Mrs. Hermann
, Oelrichs From New
'.York; City.
Tax v Collector Estimates
Big Delinquency in
Collections.
SEES A DEFICIT
IN CITY'S FUNDS
The Mall Company was ordered to bring Ma
Foo into, court. -.The Mail Company instructed
one of its employes to bring Ma Foo to the
Marshal's office. This employe brought an
other man, but we were not to know of that.
AVe could not go down to the Mall Dock and
pick out any particular Chinese from the de
tention sheds. I don't know who is to blame
in this matter, ¦ but it certainly is not on this
office.; We had a man turned over to us as
Ma Foo and his photograph was attached to the
writ; of. habeas' corpus. That man we have In
custody, and', thet-e our responsibility ends.
Chief Deputy A. L. Farish, who has
served in the office for many years, said:
We take 1 every precaution - to prevent any
fraud on the part of the Chinese who pass
through our hands. When a Chinese is turned
over to us on a writ of habeas corpus. "I. al
ways affix the photograph of the man to the
papers in the case and do eo in the presence
of the representative of the transportation
company that has charge of the Chinese. Then
I make the man in charge of the Chinese affix
his signature to the photograph. It is not our
duty to go. to the Mail dock or any other place
to secure the body of a person ordered into
court on a writ of habeas corpus. The court
orders certain parties to produce the body of
the detained person ''in- court. In this, case of
Ma.Foo,- the court ordered the Pacific Mail
Company to produce Ma Foo In the United
States, District Court. It has been held that
turning the body of the person so ordered into
court over to the Marshal is a compliance with
the law. \ ¦ ¦• > -..
which the Chinese' could -evade the ex
clusion laws. . ' .• ..... .
Commissioner Heacock had . been / in
formed of the fraud in the case and, at
the request of Assistant District Attorney
Mc.Kinlay. continued the cas.e . until next
Monday afternoon. . "
In the meantime deputy marshals had
been to the Mail dock and placed Duffy,
under arrest. Duffy -was taken before
Commissioner Heacock by. Marshal- ShinV
and charged with aidingr and abetting in
the illegal landing of the real Ma Foo.
who is being sought by the United States
Marshal." Duffy was instructed. as ta his
rights and the hearing of his case was
set for Tuesday next at' 10 : a. m. .Bail
was fixed at $1500 and Duffy was . remand
ed into the custody of Marshal Shine:
Duffy telephoned to his employer to
bail him out, but as no bond was forth
coming the prisoner was '.taken to the
County Jail and locked up. • :.' ..
When asked by. a Call representative
what he knew of the substitution of • an
old man for the young MaFoo Duffy
leered and refused to give' any informa
tion.
"I won't tell you my name or where I
saw that Duffy had presented an old man
to the Marshal in place of the young Ma
Foo. The photogTaph attached to • the
writ of habeas corpus was that of the
old man and Duffy had certified to it as
being that of Ma Foo, whom he had
taken from the Mail dock detention sheds
in obedience to the writ, of habeas corpus.
The matter was reported to. United
States District Attorney Woodworth- and
orders were gi\»en to try to round up the
real Ma Foo, while the old man substi
tuted for him was sent to the County
Jail'.
Yesterday afternoon Attorney Stidger
appeared before Commissioner Heacock
and asked that the writ of habeas corpus
in the case of Ma Foo be dismissed !and
consented to "Ma Fob" being sent back
to China. . . . .
EIGHT SERVANTS
IN HER RETINUE
I have tried about 150 habeas corpus cases
of Chinese in the 'past year and about sixteen.
I. thought that the Chinese 'had' exhausted
their plans to evade the law, but it seems that
I have been mistaken. The substitution of a
¦Chinese for another who applies for a writ of
habeas corpus seems in this case' to have been
s. simple matter. The substituted i man has
never been brought before me and if I had
consented to the application of the attorney
in the case, the writ would have" been dismiss
ed and "Ma Foo" would have been sent back
to China. Of course we would 'have been en
tirely . ignorant of the fact that the .real Ma
Foo *had -made his escape and that an old. de
crepit man. who evidently wants to. go home
to China, would have done so without any ex
prnso to himself. . , •-- . . *
This Is one of the .most daring "frauds ever
perpetrated on the Government, and we will
probe the matter to the end. We will try to
catch the real Ma Foo and as we have the
old man substituted 'for him and also the
driver. Duffy, we hope to get the , rest of the
gang implicated. : ¦¦/• : .; ¦ ¦
Commissioner Heacock, who hears the
evidence in all Chinese "habeas ¦ corpus
cases, 'said yesterday: ••-.. ,
When Duffy was asked to tell who had
helped him in the substitution of the Chi
nese he declined to give any answer. '
-United States District Attorney Wood
worth said yesterday: . ¦
live," said Duffy in a surly manner, "and
if I have to be punished I guess I will
be the one to suffer."
SOME OP THE PRINCIPALS IN A PLOT DISCOVERED BY FEDERAL OFFICIALS YESTERDAY BY WHICH
THE CHINESE EXCLUSION LAWS AND THE COSTLY MACHINERY OF THE GOVERNMENT "WERE EAS
ILY MOLATED AND RENDERED VALUELESS. > •
14
ADVEHTISEKENT3. ' — %
-f^TTr-^*. - Of our Spring Sail-
• . ->$^j^a^fr?*^ • <?*^^v ors? They're marvels
' l^w h the:new spring treat *
, * Ages 3 to io years.
<> — — p o o o o
Every depart- The - rjew ideas in The smartest hab-
ment has some- straw hats for children, erdashery effects for
,. . : oositivelv th*» sma-te-t men folks in .openwork
thing new. to show P° s «"«y "e sma te s t h in shirti in
for Soring tO-dav " eatlo " s - are undersuits, are being
I tor Spring to- day. I shown by us to-day. shown by us to-day.
O O O— — = • o O : o
m '.nicy *c . , jr j
fj I Tn° se School Suits pictured above; .all the h
I jj I bright, new, pretty spring patterns are there, &d £
W' / and the fabric is as tough as iron for wear. h\
I | You'll admit it upon sight; and of course the . M
IP way we build boys' suits — not a stitch over- |-
|j looked; built' with the square, broad shoulders. i
.1 I ' : Dressy fabrics, yet" made to stand rough . ¦' m '¦
ffl usage. Actual $5 suits; that's what they are; |
.1 I ages 8 to 16. Special" W
''¦'¦¦ . • ' - ;>¦;. • ....;¦
i *^y. " - <9 Fnco kpodated Union Sq\jaqz Avb,
' ' AJ3VEBTISEMENTS. • ' - ' ;.
A>Jv OFirft V^aV
r( \\ m hygienic JM wMmw-
f( ffiffi*° 3 HOE Ti
11 ;-FOR MEN " fj
\\ Is the most perfect embodiment of hygienic principles in shoe-- ¦;. ','/.*•¦ '
W'\ making. They are constructed according . to the-- correct-'. anat-1 ' -/•» -
».l omy of the foot and therefore fit equally well In every ; part— fit? ~i/«»v
\ snugly but not tightly— look right and -feel right when you; put," : L*«- 1
%.-% them on and maintain your approval till the last. ' ; t ' ¦'<'. •¦ "•'-'•' :'.•.'/•#.:
fij 1-^k 9 and U SAKSOME STREET. jf'"l ¦ \ \ '' <:; -
¦ r.''/^~ M m ' "•^k If your dealer does not carry the '.^r-*'V.M ¦ ¦l'\*-'
i'l ' S'' i" PHIT-U Shoe, write directly to ther - - ' j^' x '^ • » . "'¥*•%'¦¦
M'M M- 'JNL?'.3h*. manufacturers. Delivered to «my J|i,.% V-'H '¦
f«fl W-.'- .'*t&L- TV part of the United State* or Can-"-'--J^—urA*.,»L;:-' f.-l
|"I 1^^-,'^^J ada on receipt of *4.oo. \Jr JF.i^** m't