VXDLTJME XCL-NO 41.
Trusted* to/Native ; Scouts.
"In addition to the officers I have men-
; Holds Kansas} People Dear. -v
V;"The Kansas I'pebple; are. dear to.; me,
and - : I . intend 'j, to "; spend .some; time '• with ¦
them. After ; staying ' in ; Kansas' a^ week,
or, so *I will leave^here and go; directly to
Washington, where ¦ I have '-some iinpor-'
tant' business -to: which; I must give iny
attention.:', -. ; ''.^•::; - ' ; ' ¦ ..:'
."The~ ; situation. /in the .Philippines . is
about ¦ the same . as it was ? a few months'
ago.'. The desultory : fighting; is still going
on,' btit not as fiercely, as In '^former, days.
The American ' troops ; are', drawing ; In '. the
reins on the insurrectionists a little every
day, and the" time is not far distant when
Vven the .warlike spirit of the . wild tribes
'of: the ""outlying • districts will " be ;¦ entirely
crushed ; but j' /I was ¦ stationed at San Fer
nando ; in, the : . province of; Panga*. on ,tho
island' of t Luzon 'when • I j took 3 sick, and
General: Bisbee relieved^. me in command."
"Asked'to furnish the details of his cap
ture' of 'the .famous Filipino chief, Agui
naldo,.'General'? Funston = smiled v and said:
t? "AH '¦ that ' has been gone over*: and : : over
again. ' The story, of the capture was. told
f ully > in \ my \ official . report. v I ,was * unac
companied by /Americans, save .my" aid
de camp," Lieutenant : B. : J.' : Mitchell of; the
Fortieth '7 "Volunteer Infantry,;'. Captain
Newton . of < , the /• Thirty-fourth Infantry;
Lieutenant; Hazard ; of; the Eleventh /vbl-^
miteerj Cavalry and Captain J Hazard ;'• of
the. -sanie r Lieutenant
Mitchell is with -¦ me. ¦'-, He ; has a^ leave = of
'absence and will^ho doubt ''enjoy his trip
homeV"- •/¦'-."" •M-)-: -./"" -•: -'X- ¦ ;-¦• •¦' ¦
J; f ew *inQnth's' L and ! I "think the cbailge
of climate will have J a~ good effect on me.
Just before 'leaving .the Philippines . I was
for * three' months : in 'the ' hospital with
a /bad attack ~ o?T appendicitis.,. . I "was
operated upon in Manila,- but ' I did nof
convalesce rapldly;'and Tarn yet; in: a verj'
pgor stateof health.' hard 'campaign
and the "forturies~of war. have made in
roads into "my health. .; V ' v .*".
'"• "My -future plans : as. ; far as myi return
to" 'the -Philippines . Is "'Concerned ' will- de
¦perid; largely onithe state ? of my. health.
;I amnbw^home. on.a/two months' sick
¦leaved but K I do . not'.improve /greatly in
' that ' time ' it may; be V necessary -. for ' me to
request the 'department- to * grant rme a
longer leave or.I . may.' not .be. able to go
back at alhM; will, stay at. my home ( 1n
Oakland; for :a ;week - or ; two; and : then I
•will go/back, to my.old home in Kansas.
JAM glad .to • get '. back . home\once
)'. more,"' said 'General Furiston, "as, he
I stood .'on ¦ the 'deck of .* the Warren
, just Jbefore leaving the transport. /
. "I have been;- very. ill 'for .the past
fe>|^^ HE United ;. States army trans-
T I ports Warren and Kilpatrick.
3 which arrived .yesterday from
9 ,.,. Manila, brought, between them.
: '¦ J*- ¦ ; nearly two i regiments of. the men
; that have been making history in
the Philippine Islands.
3 -^¦ mon £'' t^ le cabin passengers were • two
men' of high military rank."; One of them
'has '.been In the : Philippines ever since'
General Elwell S.-Otistook command of
the Department of the Pacific '? and has
been in ; the thick ;of the t work of con
verting "goo-goos" to an appreciation , of
American • civilization. The other is .; the
hero- of- a'deed' which not' long ago sent
his name ringing throughout : the
and {gained for/him " the : next ' to ¦ highest
regular rank -in the 'United States army.
Brigadier^General R.' P. Hughes ; ' and
Brigadier General Funston .were the star
passengers oh 'the, transport Warren..
; ' They are both quiet, •' modest men -• of
small' stature. There "the: resemblance
ends.' Hughes/is' old, -thin, but '¦ wiry* and
_activ'ej and not the lea~st bit military, from
a , sartorian ; point • of .; view. ;-.; Funston >i is [
plump, dignified and correctly, cloaked; and;
tunickedN Hughes, In- spite of his grizzled'
features, has a' merry "twinkle in^his steel
gray eyes. " Funston .' looks , solemn' 'and
somewhat careworn. ¦ ,": •..-'- ' •-." = K ]¦¦'..':
- Funston's"' face'- lost-.- its .solemnity,, how-'
ever, v when Deputy^ Surveyor of the s Port
Ch'auncey -St. John, 'who boarded the
transport .with ! the? customs ' forces, -^in
formed him of the recent safe arrival 1 - In'
Oakland of a little Funston. . He ; beamed
all over. When" StI " John . handed • him ' , a
photograph of , Mrs. Funston -," and "the
baby, Funston" forgot all about the fespon-
Bibilities -of ; his -brigadier generalship /and
trotted in and out among his fellow
sengers proudly exhibiting the~ picture of
his son and heir. . ; : .':.
: - General Hugh'es would never, have been
picked ; out as ¦ one of ¦ the men In whose
honor -the/ blue flag with; the . white star
was Twaving > at the _ foremast •• head. . He
wore ' a-most .unmilitary.and ¦ decidedly
weather-worn rain coat^wlth.a curtailed
cape attachment. t His/ head . gear, was a
cloth % cap. While the people on the tugs
alongside were • craning, their necks in
search/of "the- other, general," the ; late
provost marshal of Manila was curled up
in v *a" sheltered -corner,* puffing / "comfort
from a Vpng. stemmed briar- wood t pipe.
. , *;Three % years and a half since I left here
. and '; up ' to \ the neck ; in -.work < ever . since,
right up . to the ' day • I .boarded this ' transf
port. I'm t tired,' yes.' -And .I'm glad to
get back. But I 'could do it all over again
If necessary.'^__
r. That's ? what Brigadier ' General . R, -. P.
bw^HERE waa no one-starred flax
B flying at the masthead of the
§j . transport Kilpatrick, but there ¦
3 were somtf first-class fighting men
-^- between her; decks. 'Most of the
returning soldiers have seen more
or less of ; twentieth century warfare,
where the distance between foes is a mat
ter, for strong field glasses and mathe
matical calculation. /These particular
fighting men, however, have seen war
fare as it. used to be; have fought hand
to hand with cold steel, and against over
whelming odds. They belong to the fam
ous Ninth Infantry, the regiment that
has been the particular chopping block
for' the belligerent natives of Samar and
other turbulent /provinces. :'•*? : -',
Sergeant' Sylvester Burke of Company
C, .Captain, Connell, 1 was _, at Balingiga.
Samar, September 2S. The command, sev.
enty-one -strong, waa surprised by bolo- •
men, who surrounded them in overwhelm
ing force.-: Back to back the members of
Company C resisted the 'avalanche of
flashing Itnives. It was side arms against
bolos, and the ' hottest engagement ever
fought; in -.modern times. Yankee pluck
triumphed, . but at . a cost' of forty-eight
Uves.f The /twenty-three survivors man
aged , to _i reach Basey, . where : Company G •
was 'stationed. VA squad from the latter
company; returned with the twenty-three,
drove - away ' such natives as . were still
hovering' about' the secne of the masacre
'and ''-burled, the' forty-eight. !"•'¦¦¦¦
,» Can He'arlThelr Yells Still.
-"It was 'the ; hottest scrap ever I want,
to mix in •' with," said " Sergeant Burke,
"and I'm- just good enough Irishman to
like • a : fight as well . as the next man. . I
can hear those. 'googoo* yells now. In the
excitement ' we* never noticed how they
were mowing down: our. boys, and it was
not until we reached Company G and
counted over our ragged remnant that we
realized the kind of game we'd been up
against. We got mad then,'' and when a
burying squad from G started for- the
scene those of us that could went alon?.
We .were fixed for the niggers that time,
but just as soon as, we started shooting
they vamoosed into the brush. They cer
tainly gave us .the surprise of our lives
and they foueht like demons."
'/Sergeant F. E. Welch and Privates C.
W." Burke, A. Hunter and J. Hynes be
long to Company E. They went through
a similar experience In another part of
Samar on October 16. Company E in that
surprise lost ten: killed and ten wounded.
.VThey came on us with aa little warn
ing ¦ as ¦ an 'earthquake gives." said - Ser
geant Welch. "We had only •: our side
General Funston Tells Modestly the Story of His
Heroism--- Transport Warren Brings
Many Veterans
THVO BRAVE OFFICERS AND TRANSPORT THAT BROUGHT THEri HOME FROM [PHILIPPINES J
¦ ¦ ••¦:'¦.¦;¦: . - '¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ "-: : . .:/¦:' i.i r ..'. ¦;.:::...¦- : . .. ;..:;¦" : -,;:¦;.>¦ .--;s ¦rr:;^:-:^-
AMERICAN OFFICERS FACE
FRENCHMEN BEFORE HULLS
AND BOILERS INSPECTORS
Captain BenoistGlosely Questipned by Gaptain
JHair and Second Officer- Lupp of - : the
All Amendments Favoring Delay or .' Purchase - of
the Panama Company's £)itch Are > / • j
Quickly Defeated. --'}\ '¦ '*; \ \
NICARAGUAN CANAL BILL
IS PASSED IN THE HOUSE
BY OVERWHELMING VOTE
Section 2 . the • President,
after eecufing; control of- the r . needed :ter-
The bill as passed to-day authorizes 'the
President .to secure from the' states "of
Costa Rica and Nicaragua, In .behalf ;of
the United' States, control of : such; por
tion of territory belonging "to said states
as ", may ; be desirable and necessary/ on
which to excavate, construct - and main
tain a eanalsultable to the want's of mod
ern' navigation and commerce, and appro
priate such a . sum as may ; be necessary
to secure ' the control ' of the said ¦ terri
tory. . . .''¦' " -.' ' " ; . 7 ~V": .",•¦¦
What the . Bill - Authorizes.
bill was a record. vote. The debate- which
preceded the taking of the final Vote. was'
made memorable by a clash between Hep-'
burn/the author of the bill, and Cannon;
chairman of the Appropriations Commit-,
tee. On several previous occasions / they
have , measured swords over- canal,' legist
latlon. -Two years ago a similar bill' was
passed ,by a vote of 224 to 35./ ', i '.'• •
though new interest comes from" a r knowl
edge of '.the minor details of the wreck,'
as given by those who : were actors in this
tragedy ; of the' sea. ¦<:. ' X >:'",:¦. ''.'< :' /: .V
'. .-• The investigation 'was j somewhat"; ham-'
pered/Dy, the absence of. a' sood- Interpre
ter. Two.were" pressed /Into ;'service/;but
neither ; proved .'a/ shining success: / Fred
erick f Henry, agent for the owners^of-the
Max,' essayed to translate : for Captain Be
noist, but ihe 'was- slow,-, as 'each -question
had to be explained to : him. In; the af ter
nccn a court : interpreter j attempted {to • fill
the- position, . but j his . vocabulary > did i not
contain as 'many ; nautical- terms , as /the
inspectors and,wflnesse3Vsprun«''on"him.
- Captain /Hall ; and ;, Second ; Officer] Lupp
'of t the: Walla' ? Walla'wefev interested'{lis
teners at /the hearing. .^Theyl were/ invited
to ask questions and they/ availed', 'ttiem-'
selves of; the. privilege. , . V "-. ¦'¦ -
Attorney . Milton Andros and E. • C.- Ev
ans/: were ,; present % as representatives ¦:• of
the^'owners of vthejMax./ Mr(,-Page/of.tho
'. v Continued; on ; Page : Four;
Continued • on Paso Four,
WASHINGTON. . Jan. 9.— The
Hepburn Nicaraguan canal
bill passed the -House late
this alternoon.by practically
a unanimous vole. Only two
members out of S10 voted
against it. Fletcher. (R.) of Minnesota
and Lasslter (D.) of Virginia were ' the
only two casting negaitve votes.
The opposticn to committing the Gov
crnmer.t tc the JCicaraguan route attempt
ed to secure amendments to lodge with
the President the discretionary power.. to
purchase and complete the Panama canal
if it could be/ purchased for : $40,000,000.
The test came on the first vote, when.the
advocates of an alternative route polled
102, against 170 votes. At. each succeed
ing vcte their strength dwindled, until
Cannon of Illinois,- undef whose leader
ship the fight was made, was unable to
get th« ayes and noes on a motion to re
commit. AH other amendments failed and
the btil was passed exactly as : it came
from the committee. None of, the votes
except that on the final '-passa^o: of: the
.. \^ Continued ion. Page ; Four, ¦ ¦¦. . >¦
k ¦ . TJLit determined to; shift, if possi-
; ble, the responsibility, of, the re-^
¦ /_& cent marine 'horror from... their
i /^%'' ow ° shoulders, • the officers of
-4- -^ the lost Walla Walla ; and those
"- ¦' - ;.. of .the Frenchman' Max, whose
iron /prow wrought "the steamer's fate,'
faced- one 'another in .'the rooms of the
United States Inspectors l of . . Hulls and
Boilers : yesterday. - The; master : of \. the
Frenchman/which survived the shock
that i sent v the^ big ; passenger/, ship to the
bottom; was on : the / defensive. Before
him 1 were ;•¦ the men /who " charge that -he
and his crew ': are ¦ alone responsible -for
death's < dread harvest; He and his men
defended themselves against the charge;
while for . hours '.the officers; of the -Walla
•Walla ; sought • to "¦ enmesh ; them : In • a~ tail-"
gle of ; cross-questions. , . '•¦'
/'. The .; investigation to fix the I responsi
bility, for, the',', wreck / opened
niorningf at ¦ 8:30 ", o'clock. : The ' testimony
(of- the \ master; and a.' portion ; of -the crew.
.the ; Max : was taken. V It was", BUbstan-'
tially. the- game as -hereto fore published.
• ~<^jContiniied -on • Page iTwo^I - J-\* ,
*.' l^T" Continued, on : Page.Tnree»
AGUINALDO'S BRAVE CAPTOR COMES HOME
TO SEEK REST FROM HARDSHIPS OF WAR
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JACN U AK Y^IO: 1902^
iPKICE FIVE CE!NTS.Get, a box of Salva-cea — the : antiseptic oint- I
ment..* Equally valuable forjburns," challnpa,
chilblains, cold in heaJ. catarrh and piles. It will
surprise you how.' quickly It jsubdues inflamma
tion and drives out pain. - 25c an<J 50c,^ at drug-
Klsts or by mail. Salva-cea, 271 Canal it., N.Y.
- Get Beady for ? a • Cut.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 0.— The House , Com
mittee, on , Indian Affairs to-day Ordered a
favorable report on the bill authorizing munici
palities of 'over; 1000 population ' in Indian Ter
ritory to issue* bonds for local Improvements.; ',
SAN DIEGO, "Jan: 9.-News * 5 has : just
' reached here v of , a .'serious ;. accident which
happened I to S."; B. Thomas,' an": ensign on
the *i United States ? flagship ; Kentucky '• at
¦ Hongkong.' ~ A. '.yflre \ rope fell and ¦ knocked
him from : the turret * to , the * deck, • injur
ing: I him Internally. ; Thomas is a son of
Captain :, Thomas; of, the United 1 ;'. States,
battleship 'Oregon,* now 'Stationed- at Pu
eet Sound. :'
naming of ; the principal officers > back to
.the; whole 'convention. He thought the
presidency ¦ should • come * south.* this • tima,
although r Mayors i S. ;?. Parker * of. Santa
Cruz/; Cotts ' of Stockton, : Turner : of ¦ Mer
ced, > Frary I of \ San '¦ Diego -, and ¦; Snyder of
Los Angeles had all been mentioned for
the honor. ¦*!.';< < : If t % /.j. ' •.-,.•¦ . ', .
:z To-night the - delegates -¦ discussed city
charters, papers being read by Councilman
'JV'-WV McCauley, "San' Jose;- Mayor Frank
Frary i of : San Diego, C. ,WV Kirkland , of
San Mateo and, h. a - Maaon.
ITaval Captain's Son ; Injured.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.— New; York will not get
the Rev. Dr. W. G. Hlrsch for its Jewish
Theological': Seminary, as- rexwrted In dU
pat'ehea from New A York. At Dr. Hlrsch's resi
dence to-day an unequivocal dental el the
report \wa« - authorized. tftttMn^tflWUUMM
x EAKERSFIELD, Jan: 9.— Miguel Loren
zo, a Mexican, : ,while in an altercation with
-another Mexican; who is under arrest, but
who refuses to: give "his; name," was stab
bed ¦' eleven 1' times i ab'out ', the ' : neck \ ' and
•breast : with; a": knifo early "this mornins
;and> his < condition .is -serious: The- men
, had i been : drinking, and af ter. an argument
;the cutting; was done. The arrested man
refuses to. make a statement.
Stabs Mexican Eleven : Times.
SACRAMENTO. "Jan. 9.— Eureka Lodge
No. 4.^ I.*Q. O. F.V last night celebrated
the \ fiftieth -anniversary of its organiza
tion in this city. The only original mem
ber present was A. C. Sweetser/ who was
initiated two months after the lodge waa
organized. An address ¦ of welcome was
delivered by Elwood Bruner. past grand
master of California Odd Fellows. . A ban
quet followed the ceremoniis in the lodge
room. Eureka Lodge boasts that it has
the finest - regalia of - any Odd Fellows'
lodge in the United States.
Lodge Celebrates an Anniversary.
:; 'SAN. JOSE,, Jan.'. 9.-^-Thomas '¦¦, Fryer, a
patrolman -^ employed :¦ by ( the', Standard
¦Electric Company,, has been missing since
, Monday.; and •• it ¦ is believed ; he has • been
drowned. .The* missing man's district ex
pended from Mission San Jose to this city
and he came 'down one day. and returned
ithe next. ¦ From ;-Misslon San Jose - the
wire line , runs through - .Warm * Springs,
'on* to the marshv to -Alviso . and then to
,thls city. ..-%\Vhere it •' strikes the marsh : a
-footDath ' of •". planks ; sixteen ' inches * wide
; has "been' laid; yFryer. rode I a . bicycle and
-it- Is., believed' that- in over Mallard
Slough; near Alviso,' on. this narrow path
he ' fell • off and 1 was ¦ drowned.
':. : ,il Fear Pa.trolmdn Was Drowned.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 9.— Another : dense fog
settled : on the city tils morning, and at
11 o'clock it had not liftea. Rain is neea
ed badly; and, to be of service, it should
come within -the next fortnight. The
thorough soaking the soil received last
year lessens the requirements of this
year, but so little rain has fallen up to
date that it; has not sufficed either to set
the grass growing or give proper nourish
ment to ; the "grain fields and orchards.
Therefore, . with even less than an aver
age fall of - rain this winter, the valley
will come out all right.
. - . ¦ ¦ . . ¦ -
Rain Needed in Santa Clara.
yet.,- j v • . .¦ ; -. ;¦ -• *..r-,: -. •¦¦..¦--•¦¦¦<--¦¦.*¦• ¦¦ <¦
'¦> ¦¦¦ Delegate '"Boltdn-' of Hollister \ described
the sewer.' system in:use in that place and 1
gave' a detailed 'account of « the^dispbsar
of ( sewage by j irrigation « of ¦ the ' city ' sewer,
farm.^; Mayor Turner . of Merced, - Trustee
Devlne of Sacramento and City. 1 Engineer
Stafford; of this city took part in, the gen
eral 'discussion of .-"Sewage .-Disposal.'!--- •
. 'After a brief discussion of the *> use . of
septic tanks, the delegates ' considered -the
question i of "Oil in; Street Construction.'.?"
Supervisor: White of Chlno- read a; paper,
treating . the subject and
stating; that./'the 'oillng'of .roads \ has,
come' , to stay. , It . has passed : the , experi-.,
mental ¦'"stage, '¦• and nhe ; question'^ ndw -Is
, sir/iply that oft the < best : i appliances."^ The
first 'idea was to ~ lay" dust .by ¦ making " t it,
heavy*by mixing it with oil. 1 We are past
this; and now, use itao 1 make a 'hard, and
lasting : roadbed,' free > from ; dust'.in-.'sum
mer • and • mud' in winter. i. ' Thus . a ".bard
wearing surface is obtained."' ' >: '¦?-?¦>¦
< The " consensus - of . opinion * of * the dele
gates ", who spoke on the subject from ex
perience and observation was that oil was
far superior to .water, for sprinkling coun
try) roads f-and' the t ¦' outlying ; streets ? of
cities, r Many, maintained that it was also
good-for 'macadam. ,- or .^asphalt i"? paved
streets, • but 3 opinion , was not ? unanimous
onthis point., w.v-:- -^ '->£--,--0
During the nobn'recess the delegates re
paired' to -Bond street,^ where: a practical
aemonstra.tion .erf the methods of' applying
oil was given and an examination made of
-the appliances used, under, the direction of
Delegate White. 1 /- ; ; -- ,. .*--.>.'¦-.
;-' That'Mayor, M.- P/ Sriy'def of ;Los 4 Ange
les will be elected , president of the , league
for the ¦: ensuing 'yearns quite probable.
Chairman J. J. Hanf ord : read i the • report
?i. -l ft! nomIr >atlng " committee and stated
ji^'^ tne m °desty.i of- the . prospective ; can
didates • compelled the v referring/ of >\ the
. i The discussion on. sewerage wai; opened
by City. Clerk Tedford of Santa Ana,. who'
stated/, that his city " of 1 6000 persona : dis; ;
posed"of its sewage. by.' irrigating thirty-;
five, acres of land ¦ on ' the -. banks * of^- the
Santa' Ana River. .The; new system. was
put in , for about $59,000. ' '¦ .There \ are .about
600; sewer .connections.' The sandy nature
of the "soli* assists the working of the 5 sys
tem and no contamination of the:sewage
irrigated -products? has been : reported*, as
"yet ¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦-•- «¦¦-¦--..— -.-- ¦ ¦'¦¦¦¦¦¦-¦'>¦'¦¦
¦ LOS ANGELES, . Jan. 9.— The second
day's session of the annual convention'of
the f League of " J California Municipalities
was taken up in the 'discussion offmany^
problems of interest to the various Vci ties,
and ¦ towns represented.' The question j of
the best disposition' of city sewerage 'wai
the ifl'rst to: proceed, .the -entire]' morning
being devoted . to v the " subject.'- "OH. • lri'i
Street T Construction". 'was 4 the next ¦ sub
ject, -and many c interesting j papers '"ahd.
»addresses-were listened ta ; The evening,
session .was devoted entirely • to the ¦ con
sideration of the best . form of . municipal'
charters. . •, -. ¦;>:?¦£ ¦¦< >a!
San Jose Libel Suit May
. Develop Some Sen
. \sations. :
¦ SAN JOSE, Jan. 9.— Interest continues
in the preliminary examination of Captain,
.of Poljce : P. H. . Newberry , • for „ criminal
libel many, people ,were unable to gain
admittance 'to the: crowded 'courtroom,
to-day/ ¦¦¦ Mayor' Martin was : the 'Drih
cipal • - ! witness.: ; A' . subpena ; was '¦¦ is.- i
siaedi ; . John; D. - Mackenzie, the
ppliticlan, last .• night, but
, he ;•, jcould,. not . ,be found.' Mackenzie is ;
said to.be in San Francisco. V If Mackenzie 1
"appears if is 'skid ¦ the- prosecution will go
'd^ep' into the local political situation." ' : >
r-Frankliri'' Hlchborn, , the ;complainant,'
was '.^called this j morning. The .defend
ant's attorney tried^to draw "it '¦ out ' of
H'lclib'orn that he knew who had '-.written
"the? "Sodom" article, but Hlchborn denied:
tall' knowledge. • i He said he .. knew Henry,
E. : Miller, whom Otis and Andrews testi-.
'fled had sent the'article to a Los Angeles
-paper. The witness said' he and Miller had :
.consulted about Miller's,, fight;.' with.;the"
"Normal School. faculty over . at"> diploma,'
but no mention had ever been made of the
:VSodom" article. \ He said- he* had advised
.Miller to carry the school matter into} the
courts. , ' .' " 'A-'. .":¦¦'¦ •.;'-.•¦¦•¦¦.. ":' r - '¦-" -'-•'> .'
•¦'Mayor Martln^was then' called.: He was
questioned ' about sending -Captain -New-,
berry to Los Angeles and his reasons; for
; d61ng so. Under examination by-Delmas
he: pleaded illness,, and j) at about ,-11:30
o'clock -an adjournment was taken.-.: ' ' i
;• At the opening of' court this afternoon
Mayor Martin resumed; the JiStand.'.J- He
said he alone had sent • Newberry i to- Los
Angeles to find out the author of the arti
cle because it reflected on 1 him personally
and as a'city official. -j It had charged cor
ruption in all departments, of the city and
he thought 'the matter should be investi
gated^ ¦ Mayor-Martin'told'of ;Newberry's
trip to Los Angeles. : He : had given New
terry $85 for expenses, and he volunteered
.the information.: thatr if \- the. 1 - Council
deemed ; it a proper J charge .' he would ¦ prer
sent : the - bill - to the ; city. . No\word't had
been received . from • General >• Otis '.that
Newberry's report .was incorrect ; when he
read it to the Council,' but afterwards he
had received such. a: letter. : , '
-While Martin was on the stand Attorney
Cothran -j for -• the ¦ defense • introduced " the
affidavit read; at. a; .subsequent'. Council
meeting . by • Newbery," in which ' he reiter
ated.the statement: that "City? Editor-An
drews ' of the ' Los Angeles -Times rhad .told
him ¦ Franklin ; Hichborn t had * written), the
article. 1 :. Attorney restedi the "case
of the. prosecution" with .'Martin's." testi
mony./ _••¦•:." ¦--«".: ' -*.;.: i; T ".: ;/'-'/ :.'»•''¦- ;¦'?-¦- ¦v^:
: A dismissal of the charge against i^New-"
berry was urged by, Cothran on ihe ground
that no specific 'charge: had;, been "made
and that there ,waa not sufficient evidence;
This : was being argued .when ; st court » • ad
journed for the day. r Al subpena' has been
issued for Henry E.' Miller, who is said' to
be in the Santa Cruz Mountains. - '" .¦
League jbf Municipalities
¦ Discusses W.ei^iity
¦ Issues/^*..: ; ¦'¦:-:
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 9.— A man who
claims that his name Is : Martin McDer
mott and that he was discharged from
the Agnew Asylum on December 30 has
complained to the police that he has been
robbed of $340 by an unknown man. Mc-
Dermott says that -he bought a ticket
Monday at San Jose for his home at Sher
brooke, Canada, and bought also a draft
for $300 on his -home bank. He arrived In
Los Angeles Tuesday evening, and, in
searching for a lodging-house, fell into
the hands of a stranger, -who. he alleges,
robbed him of $40 in coin and the draft
for $300. The man can give no clew to the
identity of the thief, and is evidently un
balanced by • his misfortune. He will be
cared for by the police and will probably
be returned to Agnew.
Says Stranger Took His Coin.
LAWYERS WILL
PROBE POLITICS
Farmer Palls Lifeless
fc^ter,vFriend's/Merry r
'¦f: Vw -Remark;
v*> ¦ ¦ •'¦ . .'. / " ¦ • . ¦-..""' ¦
:•;. '-.Special 7 Dispatch to 'The CaU.
i \ MERCED, ; Jan.! 9.— Henry Wetterau, a
well-known, »'middle-aged farmer, residing
two \ miles';' from this ; city, • dropped dead
last night while • partaking '.of., a banquet
in company with rhlsbrftthren of. the An
cient Order of -Foresters... :.Jt V.-.
: s Early Jn the evening he was one of the
officers *, installed.'*"' At : : the,':, table.", he re
marked* that ' he should not I have!, left his
: house : as ? he ; was ;:not .^feeling '.wa'l. • ., A
friend- sitting near, jocularly _remarl) tl:
- »"A' man ought to be>willlng to *dl6 after
having ; as good r a supper: as.- this.'*.' .
: Aimostj instantly Wetterau's head fell
forward.' He gasped and expired without =
a struggle. -Two doctors, were present, but !
his usulse had: ceased : to' beat almost as ¦
soon as -they reached him. "The deceased;
was .unmarried, 'but .'leaves. a mother in
this . city. i /-•' -.-••••,?.•¦-•-.• ,•¦ -. .
CITY OFFICERS
TELL OF SEWERS
MA2T?S iBO3>"x*- IS-FQtFND^i^£^;,_
n ¦ ' ¦ Y; BUT HEAD IS MISSING
Discovery on «a Nortnerr^ Island
Shows That a Horrible Mur
der Was Committed.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Jan. , &.—
Evidences of an atrocious crime came to
light Monday, when the nude body of a
man was found on the beach, near Fort
Casey, on Whidby Island. According to
the information received, the head had
been severed from the body by a sharp
instrument; both hands had been cut off
and the body. was otherwise mutilated.
From appearances the crime was re
cently committed. The only means by
which the body can be identified is a
crucifix of Christ tattooed on the right
arm above the elbow, and the. letters
"I. N. R- 1." tattooed in blue and red. Thus
far the body has not been identified. The
severed head is missing.
All Amendments Are Lost.- • >. !
The 43111 was read for amendment under
the, five-minute rule. . Shacklef ord • . of
Missouri offered an amendment • to au
thorize the President to determine the
choice • of ' routes as between -Nicaragua
and Panama if the; property, and. fran
chises of the Panama company couH-be
procured for $40,000,000.- He explained 'that
the amendment offered by^ hinr-had.'tieen'
agreed ;upon after, consultation, between
himself and Morris and Parker'' of New,
Jersey, who had given notice that-they
would offer similar amendments. ' . «. -.<* - [
After a lively running > debate over the.
amendment it was defeated upon a'rising
vote—102 to 170. .•• . ; . fV
Parker of New Jersey, De Armond and
Burgess of Missouri offered various
amendments, which were voted -down. ¦>.
The committee . then reported-!. the bill
to the House, whereupon . Cannon ¦- mcved
to recommit. the bill with instructions to
report back within thirty days, a- substi
tute to enable : the President to ? acquire
the necessary rights for a canal' from
Nicaragua or Colombia, and to authorize
him to select the route; within sixty days
The amendment was defeated-^ without'
division". Cannon being unable to secure
a record vote. - .-.-,. ,
¦ The _ bill was. then - .passed— ayes 308 '
noes 2. • l ._..,
-Fletcher (R.> *of Minnesota * and ¦ La's
siter (D.) of Virginia : cast the negative
nih ll' TiI^OTI)iliWpill|ili'ti|i
, The announcement was greeted with
applAuse. '
At S :30 o'clock the ' House adjourned."
Continued Fr om Page One.
urged, needed maturing. It was silent on
many points. Were the army engineers to
build the canal, or was there to be one j
gigantic syndicate, whose influence, bale- I
ful perhaps, but certainly mighty, would ;
extend over many years? Were the priu- j
ciples of the civil service to obtain, or J
were political considerations to govern?.
Vandiver of Missouri and Hooker of ;
Mississippi advocated the passage of the i
uramended Hepburn bill. .-"i-v.:. V* I
Hepburn Answers Criticisms. * v c |
; Hepburn answered the criticisms' -, ad
duced against the bill during the * debate, 1
devoting much time to Cannon. The gen
tleman from Illinois, he ..said., demanded
clearness and definiteness, yet- he pur
posed to support the Morris, amendment,
which Hepburn pointed out was vague
and indefinite. He had imputed bad mo
tives to no one, but he believed that
forces were working for delay*
"I do not impugn ¦ the motives of the
gentleman from Illinois," said he, "when
he says he is in favor of this canal. In
a parliamentary sense. I am convinced,
yet I am free to confess that only the
obligations- of parliamentary law would
convince me when I remember that ¦ he
was invariably a stickler for delay."
Hepburn then proceeded to review Can
non's record on canal legislation to show
that his declaration of friendship did not
harmonize with his constant course of
hostility. He repeatedly drew applause
and laughter as he launched his shafts of
sarcasm at the chairman of the Appro
priations Committee. Cannon seemed to
take it all good naturedly, joining In the
laughter provoked at nis own expense.
Hepburn said that Cannon posed as a
business man, yet said he wanted to pav
$40,000,000 for something the commission
said was worth $27,000,000. With regard
to the alleged claims of the Maritime Ca
nal Company, which the gentleman from
Illinois discovered In the "pale moon
light," the commission reported that they
had already been extinguished.
In conclusion . Hepburn said it was his
opinion that the House should assist 'the
pending bill. He did not pretend • that it
was as perfect as it would have been had
It been drawn by the gentleman .from Illi-"
nols. with his fund of inexhaustible wis
dom. :..-•. ;¦:.¦
Addressing the Democratic side, he read
the plank in the .Kansas City platform
pledging the party to the Nlcaraguan ca
nal.
"That," said he, amid laughter/ ". is In
my opinion the most respectable declara-'
tion in x the platform." ,.,..,.,.; v . !
"There are reports in the ''air," said :
he, "that any isthmian bill : will .have a '
rough and rocky road to. travel in,-an-^
crher body; that the sentiment of certain 1
persons of potency is against "it. .What,
will be the moral effect- if this -.House* by
a practically unanimous vote, -indicates
its purpose to do what the people demand
shall be done?" , • ¦ ;• :--¦•¦¦ *
If the Morris amendment carries. \ he
said, the selection of. the Panama route
would depend upon the attitude of a ma
jority of the* commission.- The .'choice 1
might hinge upon the attitude ¦ of , one
man, and no man, he. declared, should be'
placed in such a position ' with $40,000,000
ic the balance. . ¦ • :*. r - .-¦ • , .• ;
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Are Made in the Postal Ser
vice and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Jan. #.— Postofflces es
tablished: California— Coachella, River
side County, George C. Huntington, Post
master. ¦
Washington— Ellsworth, Clarke County.
Milo W. McNiel. Postmaster. .
Postmasters commissioned: California-
William Beach, Trinidad; : Francis M.
Watson, Westminster. Of egon— Walter
L. Tooze, Woodburn; Jullus^C. Hoeflein,
Yaquima. Washington— Ernest E. Teach
nor, Variasselt. ¦,
Postmasters appointed: California —
James D. Shafer, Benton, Mono County,
vice William J. ,Smith. resigned; Lena
Meyer, F.alrfleld, Solano County, vlco
Paur Meyer, removed. Washington—Wil
liam B. Maln.Blyn, Clallam County, vice
John T. Whittaker, removed.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— John P. Babb, San Jose,
$8;- Thomas J.: Campton, Eureka. $10;
Frank C. Ford, San Francisco, $10; James
M. Redfern, Barstow, ?3; Lydia Dufur.
Burbank, $8. . ¦- . -
DEATH ENTERS
AT A BANQUET
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 9.
—The steamer Topeka, , from the
north, this morning brought the
survivors of the wrecked steamer
Bristol, which on ; the night of
January 2 struck the Gray Island Reef,
•off Gundes Island, near IJlxon Entrance.
On board the Topeka were twenty-one
survivors of the crew of twenty-eight.
Among the survivors was Chief Officer W.
Smith, who gives the following account of
the wreck: . y ,", . ' • .
. "The Bristol sailed^from Ladysmith De
cember 81 with 2100 tons of coal for the
Treadwell mine/ on Douglass Island, and
during the voyage ! a strong southeast
wind prevailed.. Everything went well
until the i night ; of January 2, when the
.weather set in thick; with a high sea run
ning, and at: 2 a.-m. the reef was struck.
."The boats %were immediately 'lowered
and kept in readiness on the port side. All
hands. remained by the ship. until 6 a. m.,
when she careened to starboard and shook,
heavily, indicating that she was about to
go to pieces or slide off.* Captain Mclntyre
ordered all hands to the boats.
"The first boat to get away was lifeboat
No. 4, with fourteen men, in charge of
Second Officer Horgen. No. 2 was next,
with four men, in charge of Third Officer
D. O. White. Chief Officer Smith was
washed overboard by a high sea, but waa
picked . up.- ' These boats were carried at
the mercy of the: wind and waves in a
northwesterly direction.' :
"The last seen of Captain -Mclntyre,
Tllvt Roberts, Chief Engineer Vivian,
Second Kngineer Edwards, Oiler Hurlbut,
Second Steward Roemer and Seaman Sil
va.:theywere preparing to leave the ship
In a boat; but it la thought -that their boat
was carried down by the suction when
the >nm>. slid off the reef and plunged to
Jhebottom. Some. hours later the Cottage
City. picked up the boat containing four
teen itn^nr and af terrtrulslng-. tor r-. some
time picked . up the other boat. She then
went to the scene of the wreck, but-found
no-. vestige of. either the ship or the boat
containing Captain Mclntyre and- the
others.?' ¦ -:
. The Cottage City landed the survivors
at Ketchlkan;" where they boarded the
Topeka and were brought to this place.
VESSEL LOST IN THE NORTH
AND .TWO MEN WHO* WERE
DROWNED. .-
TACOMA, Jan. 9.— Oriental advices re
ceived here to-night contain news that
the Russian Minister at Seoul has been
granted a concession for the construction
of a telegraph line from Seoul to Kyong.
whence it will be extended to Vladivos
tok. This will bring Korea into direct
telegraphic - communication with Russia
and Nagasaki. . The Russians now have
control. of all the telegrams in Manchuria
and will not permit the sending of code
messages or Chinese telegrams not trans
lated into English. - •
Takeya, one of the managers of the
Commercial Exchange, is accused of em
bezzling 100,000 yen, which he secured by
converting a quantity of securities placed
in his charge and using the proceeds for
private purposes. They consisted chiefly
of bonds deposited with the exchange by
brokers as security. Takeya la the son
of Viscount Takeya and his surety was
Count Hirohashi, but the latter recently
withdrew because Takeya. was living ex
travagantly. •
It is officially reported that Prince Su,
descendant of one . of the eight "iron
capped" princely families which followed
the first empire of the present Manchuria
dynasty into China and assisted In tho
conquest of the empire from the Chinese
Ming dynasty, has been chosen by edict
to go to Great Britain to represent tho
Chinese Emperor at the coronation or
King Edward. He will later visit the
United States. He will be allowed eight
months for the trip and will be escorted
by an immense retinue.
Several cotton-spinning enterprises in
Shanghai are threatened with disaster,
which will considerably lessen the
Shanghai demand for American cotton.
One spinning company has been seized by
the Russian Chinese Bank for a debt of
380,000 taels. • The entire property, which
cost 736,000 taels. Is advertised for sale.
The International Cotton Manufacturing
Company has an overdraft of 475.000 taels
with the same bank and it is being re
quired to settle by January 1. If they
fall to raise the money thid company will
also be compelled to suspend operatjona.
Special , Dispatch to The Call.
Shanghai Demand for Ameri
can Cotton in Great
Danger.
Closing Debate on. Measure.'
In Anticipation of • a vote on the. Nica
raguan canal bill there was a large at
tendance on the floor when the House
met Under the order made yesterday
the general debate was to close at 2
o'clock, when the bill was to be read for
amendment under £>e five-minute rule.
Adarr.son of Georgia, the first speaker
to-day, urged the passage of the Hep
burn bill without amendment. He argued
that the time had come for action and
that equivocation now could only result
in delaying the commencement of the
canal. If the Panama Canal Company
had an offer to make .which we would
accept, he said, there would" be - time
enough to take advantage of it when the
bill was pending in the Senate or later
in conference.
Wooten of Texas also argued that the
bill should be- passed without amendment.
He regarded the Morris amendment as a
modern Trojan horse.
Wooten said be did not favor an amend
ment to fortify the canal. He believed
such an amendment savored more of spu
rious sentiment than sound arid.salu
tary sense. He favored a neutral cannl.
At this point, upon the ' request of Da
vis of Florida, the time for general debate
was extended until 2:30 p. m.
Sparkman of Florida spoke in favor of
the Hepburn bill.
Cannon of Illinois, chairman of the Ap
propriations Committee, then took the
floor. Cannon's remarks were given close
attention. The building of this canal, he
taid, was. a business proposition and
should be considered from a business
standpoint. Gentlemen talked about this
proposed canal, having been "agitated for
400 years, and used that as an argument
why members of Congress should fall
over each other to vote for -the pending
bill. Personally he had favored a canal
for years, but because he had not been
willing to> proceed without information
and against fixed treaty laws be had been
called hard names. . - ,.
Cannon at this point clashed sharply
with Hepburn, who is-.in eharge of the
bill. When Hepburn made some quick
reply to a criticism of Cannon the latter
observed amid laughter that • if ¦ the gen
tleman from Iowa were only as straight
¦ forward as he was /'flip of tongue" he
would be a better legislator. \-
Bepresentative Cannon's Views.
Cannon, discussing the language, of the
bill, a&ked what was meant by authoriz
ing the President to "obtain full control
* over the land upon which the canal -was
to be built."" Did it mean the purchase
and ownership of miles of property owned
by speculators, both American and Nic
araguan? \ With great emphasis Cannon
declared that in his Judgment the general
appropriation which • the bill , contained
and "artful language" of it would cause
the claim that it gave the President full
power not only to pay Nicaragua and
Costa. Rica, but the Maritime Canal Com
pany and European. American and Nica
raguan speculators— how much he could
not tell. It might be five, ten or twenty
five, millions. He denounced what he
termed the undue haste of ; those • who
want to build this canal "between * now
and' sunrise to-morrow." - He also ob
jected to the authorization . the bill con
tained to negotiate . contracts for the
whole works. Cannon said he would vote
for the Morris amendment, and If it
failed he would move to recommit ¦ the
bill with amendments he had suggested
De Armond of Missouri said the ques
tion before the American people was not
as to whether Congress would pass a bill
for the Isthmian canal, but . whether .the
bill would be , matured and proper when
parsed. If confidence existed in the Pres
ident, why should he not be given the op
portunity to negotiate with , Colombia or
Nicaragua; according to the information '
in his possession? Alternative- authority
should enable him to make better terms.
Experts differed as to the - advantages
of the two routes. Why not give.. the
President the discretion" to select? No
risk would be Involved in it. The bill, he
ritory to direct the ; Secretary of War
to construct such a canal from the Carib
bean Sea at a point near Greytown, in
Nicaragua, by way of Lake Nicaragua, to
a point on the Pacific Ocean near Brito,
and also to construct proper harbors at
the termini of said canal and to make
necessary provisions for the defense sjf
the canal and harbors.
Sections 3 and 4 authorize the President
to make such surveys as may be neces
sary and to employ such persons in con
structing the canal. as may to. him seem
wise, and ¦ directs that in the construc
tion of the canal the River San Juan ard
Lake Nicaragua .shall J?e used -as far as
they are .available. ; "¦'. --
.Section 5 authorizes the President to
guarantee to the state of Costa Rica ar.d
Nicaragua the use of the canal and har
bors upon terms to be agreed upon for
vessels owned by citizens thereof.
The last section makes a present ap
propriation of $10,000,000 to carry on this
work, and authorizes the Secretary of
IVar to enter into proper contracts for
material and work as may be' deemed
necessary -therefor, such -work and mate
rial to be paid f qr as appropriations may
be made from time to time. This section
fixes the aggregate cost at $180,000,000. u»
be drawn from the treasury on warrants
of the President.
ilCMUGUU CftlAL-BILL. IS PASSED III HOUSE BY OVEBWHELMIKG V01 E {
INDIANS SEE
WRECKED CRAFT
Unkno^wn Vessel Turns
Off Vancouver
Island.
Surf f Along Northern Coast
'^^ -Bear3 Abundant
Fragments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. Jan. 9.— The steamer
Queen City, which returned this evening
from Ahousett and way ports on the
Vancouver Island coast, ' brought more
news of wreckage. At two ports, at which
she called yesterday news was given to
her officers, meager but alarming,: of a
vessel which had drifted into the . coast,
bottom up.
This latest victim of recent storms was
unidentified, and all -that was learned is
that she was some three-masted schoon
er, evidently one of the . fleet of lumber
carriers. The news of the derelict was
hrst learned at Cloose, when the steamer'
called there yesteraay. , The Rev. Mr.
Stone, whose wife, by the way, found, the
name board of the lost bark Dominion
on the beach at Cloose a few years ago,'
reported that Indians had come in after
righting the .derelict of some large ves- I
sel which had turned turtle.; No particu- j
lars were learned which would render her
identification possible/-. -;.-V ; '-i)
Later in the day, when the steamer
reached -San I Juan,\ Indians came in, and i
leported having seen the wrecked , vessel I
floating not far from Carmanah-'; Point;
yesterday, afternoon. The Indians had
gone off to the derelict,'.' but could "give
l.o detailed information bearing upon the
unfortunate vessel. What, vessel it is re
mains a mystery for the present. There
IS no clew whatever to her identity. .
The lighthouse keeper at Carmanah,
whose sons had found so much wreckage
along the coast between Carmanah and
Nltinat, had returned a short time before
the steamer left for a journey along the
coast line to Ponilla Point and reported
that wreckage of various kinds, runidenti
fiable, had been seen in. the sea along
that part of the coast.
The brigantine Blakeley, which sailed
from Victoria on Monday, carrying an
other expedition to Cocos Island, had a
narrow • escape front being wrecked at
San Juan yesterday, according tu news
brought by the steamer Queen City. The
gold-seeking brigantine put back to San
Juan harbor yesterday morning, and
while there , her anchors began to drag
p.nd a fresh . inshore breeze was putting
her in dangerous 'proximity to the rocks.
Her anchors held eventually, and she
brought up close to the rocks.
The British bark Glenmark is reported
twenty-one miles southwest of Cape Flat
tery with both anchors and chains gone
End waiting assistance. The Glenmark is
from West Chanarel, having sailed from
there in November. "^ '•'
NEGRO SHOOTS
THE CONSTABLE
Fatally Wounds Nevada
Olficer in a Gun
' Fight.
Perpetrator of the Deed May
Be Lynched by a
Mbb.
Special Di«r>atch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., Jan. 9.— Constable C. H.
Leeper was shot and mortally wounded
by a negro named Scott in the tenderloin
district • to-night. The shooting was the
result of the' officer's attempt to arrest
the negro. Several shots were fired by
both men,' and one of -the bullet's struck
Scott. He managed to escape, however,
and a posse captured him. Much indig
nation is expressed over the affair and
there have already been threats of a
lynching-. " • .... . v
At 6:30 this evening Leeper -received «
telephone message asking/ him to go im
mediately to the Palm Saloon to arrest
Scott, who had just shot VanSicHle, a
surveyor, through the teg~, Leeper hur
ried to the salon, and, approaching Scott,
announced that he wanted* tfie Matter to
accompany him to the jail. Scott was In
a furious mood and suddenly began shoot-
Ing at the constable. One bullet entered
Leeper's abdomen and another passed
through his right Tiand. Leeper drew his
pistol as be was fall'n^.-to the floor and
turned it loose on his- black assailant.
The negro fell after the Second shot, but
quickly sprang to his ? feet ana : dasned
out of the saloon..-. > ¦ ' ." » .;' "• .' .
Immediately after the shooting the town
was in an uproar.- 'A posse of 20umen.was
organized and*started to hunt down' the
negro. The ¦ streets • were -thronged ..with
excited men carrying weapons and threats
of lynching were. openly made. The iron
bridge which -spans the Truckee River was
selected as ' the • place for' hanging the
negro. . • . - . v -t , .
At 11 o'clock , Scott was <faptured in' -i
cabin 200 yards > from the scene. -of .• the
shooting. Officer Ferrell broke open the
door and covered Scott with his gun. He
v.-as found with a bullet hole in the.abdo
men in almost the Identical- spot where
the. officer was hit. -He is believed 'to. be
In a dying condition: An ¦ ambulance
rushed to the place/and under the escort
of a largo force of. policemen Scott was
taken to .the County Jail before the mob
knew of the capture. .Sheriff Mclnnls
swore in a large number of deputies anl
they finally persuaded the mob to depart
from the jail. Should * a change for th e
worse in Leeper's condition take place, it
will be impossible -. to hold the . mob in
check, - - - ;T . • ¦" , .
:ST. LOUIS. Jan. ».—^Marine traffic Is cut off
by an immense ice g-crye that formed opposite
South St. Louis during the December coM
Fjiell.
Czar's Agents /Extend
Exclusive Lines in
the Orient..
RUSSIA RULES
THE TELEGRAPH
Shipwrecked Men of the Collier A^
News;of a Boatioad rf
SURVIVORS OF THE LOST BRISTOL
REACH PORT AFTER MANY PERILS
RISING OF REDS
CAUSE OF ALARM
Outbreak Feared at an
Agency and Troops
, Are Called.
Warring Indian Kills a Po
liceman, His Family
and Himself.
MILES CITY. Mont., Jan. 9.— Fort
Keogh to-day received a telegram from
Porsythe asking: that some soldiers b«
immediately dispatched to the Lame Deer
Indian Agency. Word had arrived from
the agency that trouble was brewing and
that an outbreak of the Cheyennes was
Imminent if it had not already occurred.
Lieutenant Chapman of the post stated
that the request for troops had been com
municated to department headquarters
and that the soldiers were making prep
arations for immediate departure upon
receipt of orders.
F. Beatty, a prominent citizen of Asn
land, near the Lame Deer Agency, in re
sponse to a request as to Information
concerning the trouble, said that the dis
turbance originated by an Indian named
White being sent for by the agent In
charge. The redskin refused to obey the
summons and an Indian posse was dis
patched to bring him. in.
"White opened flro upon the appearance
of the posse, killing one of the Indian po
licemen. The warring red then turned
upon his own wife and daughter, killtns
them both and finally shooting himself,
dying lnstantly._
2
THE SAN. "FRANCISCO CALLj FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, V v 1902;
Whai Shall We
H ay e for Dessert ?
; This question, arises in / the family
every day I Let us answer it to-day. Try
JettwQ,
a delicious and healthful dessert. - Pre-
.paredin two minutes, j No boiling ! no
, baking ! \ add '.boiling water, andset to
•cool. Flavors:— Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and •Strawberry. Get a- package
5tt your grocers to-day. ,; . 10 cts.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA "BITTERS, TUB
Great Mexican Remedy; gives neolth vnd
strength to : acxual . organs. - Depot, \ Si3 Market.
ADVERTISEBO2WT3. " .
i Entire wheat ll
I bread Is more than if ,
| ever prescribed by
| physicians, and if h j
you eat it— you want |
the real Simon-Pure n }
article. "Holgrane" 11 ''(
flour is guaranteed Jll
by The H-O Co. |
and sold in 5 lb. W
cartons by prin- I
cipal grocers every- U
where. ll
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET.
San Francisco Gas. Coles for salo to famtllas
and to th* trad* at reduced rates.
DISORDERS (f\ : '
Iwi a A 1^1 JC^^^^
BT PAR THE GREAT- "^MlsSf^/Yj?!
er number of patient- Sr \\ : yLj ll %J
seeking- relief for so-called \\ I \ 7Jl/f 7/1
weakness ar« »tron». ro- \V 1 \J\ Jl^Jo '
buat men in every other re-
spect. Loss ©f Vitality, Prematureness. eta.
are not- weaknesses, but the symptoms of in-
flammatory processes In the Prostate Gland (so-
called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too Ion?
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, Immediate results
as indicated by Increased circulation and re-
newed strength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which. w« send frea on ai>-
plication. Is Interesting: to any one wishing to
study the anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOrT & CO., 997 Market SI
J visit DR. JORDAN'S great S
{MUSEUr OF ANATOMY*
r C^ i3-i HA2X1T cr. ttt. flijtrti, s.r.coi.
\ Xf oT^^ Laieest Anatomical Museum in the *
$ f^TSP*. y 0 " 4 Wm1«i«m» or any contracted A
f 0 JBStX i> P ea »"*«on'J>eCo«M. \Est-iSyean! Q
i SjOSfi 0Rf JORDAM-OISEASES 0? MEN 6
if< iJ^H Comulution free and strictly prirate. T
9 m , r% H ~ raata «ni personally or by letter A a
\ 1 f \ I ¦ Pw " rt * Ol<rtin ""» «M«sJtmk5. A f
0 f I II V Write for Book > r ¦iLMor mx or A '
r » ll^ HAB1BIACE. MAILED FREE. I A.W
> ii II wluahle book lot mm) tA \
f PJ^^^XA CC^WSl Martet St. . S. P. 9
DR.PIERCES ]
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD,L1VER. LUNGS.
§DR. MEYERS '& CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MLH.
EstabUshed 18SL Con-
6ultatlon and private booli
free at office or by maU.
Cures sruaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
¦ ', • - on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
J' C VII SON & CD B *"e«TT Street
J» \»' V 1LJV11 tt \*V" Telephone Main 1W
FRESH AND SALT -MEATS.
JIS RflYFS * Cft fblWtog Butcheri. JO
JAJ' DV I C J tt tU q a y. Tel. Mam W
LUBR1CATINO OILS. LEONARD * KU.IS
418 Front St.". 8. 7. Phone Main 17l'». ¦
~ PRINT INO. ~
EC BUGHES -«u,g£gR,.,
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD Ca.
U First ttreet, San Fr*ncl»c«At the doorway of the Blankart home
stood Mrs. Funston, proudly holding the
boy in her arms, and the welcome home
was full of happiness that all was well
with the mother and the little new-comer.
Mrs. Funston was aglow with pleasure
when she presented the child to her fam
ous husband. Everything else was in the
background but that meeting. For the
first time the soldier gazed upon his little
son's fac<J and that was enough "to com
pensate for the. days of anxiety . he had
undergone since he parted from his wife
at Manila months ago.
At the home to-night they had not made
many plans for the future. As soon as the
prevalent scarlet fever has subsided - in
East Oakland there will be a. christening
at the Church. The little one. is* to '-have
the name of his father, Frederick. That
is Mrs. Funston's desire, and her hus
band in this case must defer to her wish.'
.Mrs. Funston says that the general has
not fully recovered from appendicitis and
he will remain here until he -Is well and
strong. After that General Funston will
go to Washington to pay his respects to
the President and to the War Depart
ment officials. Then he expects to return
to Manila and to take Mrs. Funston and
Frederick Jr. with him. ,
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.^-Greeted by his
wife with their baby boy, three weeks
old to-day, in her arms, General Fred
erick Funston arrived this evening at
the residence, 1319 Tenth avenue, of Mrs.
Otto Blaakart, where- the homecoming
was made doubly joyful by reason of the
son and heir that had. come to the dash
ing soldier while he was on the seas
homeward bound. The man of battle was
sunk In the proud father when the news
was given him at the transport that 'a
male child had been born to his wife.
War Hero's Homecoming , Is Eert
clered I>oubly Joyful.
GBEETS WIFE AND SON.
• "After a weary march we arrived at
Palon, where our man was located. We
found him in a but such as all the na
tives lived in and when I pounced on him
and made him a prisoner of war he looked
chagrined and surprised. In all my life
I never .saw such a look of absolute sur
prise and abject misery come over a
man's face. He simply couldn't under
stand It and seemed for the time being
quite dazed. We hustled him out of the
hut and incidentally out of town quickly
and took up our homeward march in a
hurry.
"We had captured a man whose name
struck terror to the heart of every na
tive on %he islands and we did not want
to lose him. Until I had Mr. Aguinaldo
safely landed behind the American lines
I did not feel easy. As a foe Aguinaldo
was a big man, but as a prisoner his per
sonal importance faded in my eyes. He
seemed to be a. bright man, but there was
nothing in his outward appearance which
would indicate that he was the fighting
chief of the Filipino nation.
"1 had him under my charge for only
four days, and in that time you see I
could get but a meager idea of the range
of his mentality. He was not a. bit surly,
rather pleasant on the contrary, for a
man in his position. He was almost ab
solutely non-committal, however. He talk
ed only on such matters as were abso
lutely nttcessary for his personal comfort.
On the (subject of his past actions or the
schemes of his government he would have
nothing to say. He acted as a man who
realized he was caught like a rat in a
trap and the less he said the better it
would be for him. It was very difficult
to get anything out of him.
"Ayuinaldo. I believe, would just as
Aguinaldo Was Dumfounded.
"I cautioned the scouts to keep a 6tlll
tongue and I spent most of my time
watching them. In fact, all of the other
officers with me kept strict watch over
them and whenever danger of our pur
pose being disclosed was imminent we all
added additional endeavors to keep the
native scouts quiet.
"No, it was not treachery I was afraid
of; it was indiscretion. I was not afraM
that the native scouts would lead myself
and comrades into some place where we
would be ambushed and slaughtered or
taken prisoners, but I was in mortal fear
that some one of them would unthink
ingly betray the object of our trip to an
enemy who would hasten to warn Agul
raldo. .
"The average Filipino, or rather the
majority of them, are as cunning as cats
and as treacherous as rattlesnakes. They
will betray a person with as good- grace
as if they were making him a present,
but the natives I had with me on the
march to Palon. where Aguinaldo was in
hiding, were men in whom I had confi
dence. -
tiqned in the chase after the rebel chief
tain I was accompanied by a company of
r.atiye scouts. Many people marvel at
the idea of trusting ourselves in the in
terior of such a hostile country on a mis
sion that meant perhaps the most impor
tant step in the suppression of the rebel
lion with a band of natives.
FUHSTOH TELLS STORY MODESTLY
The South American Steamship Com
pany's Lantaro, 2600 tons, arrived at Pan
ama to-day with 472 men and 49 officers
It is understood that assurances as to
the position of the United States Govern
ment respecting the enforcement of for
eign claims against Venezuela all have
been predicated upon the very clear and
concise statement of President Roosevelt
In his first message to Congress. It has
been mads clear to all inquirers that the
main purjiose of the United States is that
there snail be no extension of European
sovereignty in America, but within that
line there is not likely to be any interfer
ence on our part. The United States itself
is interested through a number of its citi
zens in claims somewhat similar to those
urged by Germany and France. Claim
ants have arisen in different parts of the
United States since the German opening of
this Question and are insisting that the
State Department press their claims just
as Germany and France are about to do
for their citizens. The matter is under
consideration, but there is no disposition
to hasten unduly, as it is realized that the
situation in Venezuela may change sud
denly through internal Influences.
CEUTSEB. t>h i t.ADTT/PTTTA USED.
United States Will Aid in the Ex
change of Prisoners in Colombia.
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 9.— The authori
ties at Washington have consented to the
request of General Carlos Alban, the Mil
itary Governor of this district, that the
United States cruiser Philadelphia proceed
to Las Tablas, conveying the Colombian
commissioners who are to arrange for an
exchange of prisoners between the Colom
bian government and the Liberals. Las
Tablas is about 120 miles southwest of
Panama, and the Philadelphia will sail
thence this afternoon. Recent arrivals at
Panama say that the Colombian General
Castro is near Pese, Eouthwest of Pana
ma, on the Asuro peninsula, with 600 men,
and that the Liberal leader. General Her
rera, is a.t Los Santos, near Pese, with
800 men. The Colombian General Ortis xs
at Agua Dulce with 400 men and is en
deavoring to join General Castro.
Unless the troops under command of
General Herrera come to Panama on the
Liberal cruiser Padllla and attack that
port, news of an engagement in the vicin
ity of Pese and Los Santos is expected
Continued From Page One.
soon be a prisoner of the United States
troops as a free man. At least so his
friends claim. Aguinaldo caused the as
sassination of General Luna, an insur
gent, and the latter's three brothers, who
have worked up a large and powerful fol
lowing since Agulnaldo's capture, have
sworn a feud against him. They intend
to murder him the first time they get a
chance. Aguinaldo's friends have warned
him against the Luna faction and he be
lieves that. if he is set free his enemies
will carry out their threats to kill him.
¦While he still has many friends among
the insurgents, there are many whom he
injured or refused to favor during hl3
reign who are now arrayed against him.
He fears that if he were released these
men would put him out of the way.
"SVe had a rather rough, uneventful
trip from Manila to this port. I did not
know that I had become a father until
the steamer dropped anchor, when a pic
ture of my wife and newly born baby was
shown me. Neither did I know that the
Senate had ratified my promotion until
somebody who came aboard after the
quarantine doctor informed me of it. For
the rest of the week I intend to rest my
self with my family in East Oakland. I
have had a long siege of hard work, ill
ness and -worry and I Intend to take a
good rest". - '
I have the honor to communicate to your
Excellency that the Minister of Chile in Buenos
Ayres presented yesterday to this department a
note of the protocol about policies in the same
eense which was given to it by this Govern
ment. With this explanation all the incidents
are definitely terminated. AL«CORTA.
Minister ot Foreign Affairs.
SANTIAGO r>E CHILE, Jan. 9.— There
is no truth in the report from Valparaiso
that a Cabinet crisis is impending owing
to the explanatory, note which was sent
by Chile to the Argentine Government In
order to make the arbitration protocol ac
ceptable. • '
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— Garcia Merou,
Argentine Minister in Washington, has
just received the following cablegram
from his Government: ; '
Report of an Impending Crisis in
Chile Is Denied.
CABINET WILIi NOT BESIGN.
While the Pan- American . Congress re
fuses to entertain the creation of a spe
cial court of claims, it Is thought there
is some prospect of its adhering to this
latest proposal. This special use of The
Hague tribunal will be independent of a
voluntary agreement to appeal to it for
purposes of general arbitration.
Owing to the firm attitude taken by the
delegation:; who are favorable to the
compulsory plan of arbitration, it is prob
able that the plan in question will be re
ported to the conference in the regular
form and recorded in the final protocol,
just in the same way as other acts of
tne conference. If this course is adopted
the Chileans will have to decide whether
or not they will carry out their threat of
withdrawing from the conference. But if
it is not followed it is practically sure
that the Peruvians, Argentinans, Bolivi
ans, Guatemalans and Paraguayans will
withdraw, and probably also the Uru
guayan delegation. Therefore, It' is a
choice between the departure of one dele
gation or several.
There has been so much discussion of
arbitration of late that the project for a
court of claims has been going forward
on that project and satisfactory progress
is reported. It is proposed that instead
of establishing a political court of claims
among the American nations, the latter
shall sign a convention entailing the obli
gation of appealing to The Hague court
in any . controversy involving pecuniary
damages, provided such claims cannot be
arranged diplomatically and all legal re
sources have been exhausted in pressing
them. ¦ *
CITY OF MEXICO, Jan. 9.— The mem
orandum of Chileans threatening to
'withdraw from the Pan-American con
ference, whatever might be the form in
which the plan of compulsory arbitration
was presented, was delivered to Finance
Minister Limantour, who has been carry
ing on the negotiations on behalf of the
Mexican Government, and to W. I. Bu
chanan of the United States delegation.
In their interview with the President the
Chilean delegates not only threatened to
withdraw their legation here, if they had
r<ot their way In the matter of arbitra
tion, but put it in the form that the Min
iser would ask for his passports, so it is
said.
the Fan- Americans.
Chile Causing Much Discord Among
STRIFE AT '»'H Pi CONGRESS.
Mo Extension of Sovereignty.
PARIS, Jan. 9.— Frenchmen having
claims against Venezuela are
urging their Government to
adopt coercive measures. The
Government, however. Is un
decided whether to do so or not. Never
theless, in dew of the possibility of such
action. It has informally sounded Wash
ington on the feeling of the United States
in the matter. It can be positively said
that whatever action France may take
will be absolutely independent of that or
Germany, with which country there will
be no co-operation. «•»««• will
In any case.- the action of France will
be non-political and will 1 ;
obtaining satisfaction for material injury
to the interests of French citizens.
Keenly Watches Developments.
WASHINGTON Jan. 9.— France's con-
Eideratior of the 'advisability of compell
fne Venezuela to Say claims for personal
S& oroD^rtTinjury held by her citizens
aeiinn President Castro's Government
f<f no *urr>rise S the authorities here.
While EnfbaYsador Cambon has made no
representations on the subject to Secre
tar^ Hav. it is known that the French
Government has followed with keen at
tentlonthe developments In the German-
Venezuelan dispute and fully understands
the attitude of the United States in such
matters. The authorities have not ex-
Sected thsu France would co-operate with
Germany in compelling Venezuela to sat
isfy international claims, but have rather
been of the opinion that she would wait
until the <3erman bill had been paid, when
she would make a naval demonstration-
Following France it may be that Great
Britain, whose subjects hold claims
jipainst the South American republic, will
'-equire the Venezuelan Government to
settle with them. Whether these various
naval demonstrations will occur will de
pend upor. the result of the revolution. If
Castro be overthrown the new Govern
ment will undoubtedly be glad to make a
peaceful surangement whereby the dif
ficulties with foreign Governments will be
settled.
"The reported revolt at Bogota and the
imprisonment of President Marroquin are
both untrue. The source of Information
In Managua cannot be trusted."
When General Alban was questioned to
day concerning the statement i In a dis
patch from Managua, received in the
United States yesterday, to the effect that
a revolt had broken out in Bogota and
that the President of Colombia had been
Imprisoned, he said:
of the Chilean navy, who are on the way
to Europe to man the warship recently
purchased abroad by Chile.
On examination, the Pacific Steam Nav
igation Company's steamer Chirique,
which the Colombian Government pro
posed to charter for Government service,
proves to "be unable to stand the vibra
tions resulting from cannon firing. Con
sequently, if the Colombian gunboat Gen
eral Pinzon, which has on board tfte
guns -which were destined for use on t"Be
Chirique arrive at Colon shortly . the Co
lombian Government will endeavor to ob
tain the Lantaro Instead of the Chirique.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LONDON, Jan. 10. — A dispatch to the Daily Mail from
Buenos Ayres states that a revolution broke out in ,Asuncion, #
the capital of Paraguay, Thursday, the principal promoters
being Colonel Escurria, Minister of War, and Senor Moenemo,
another member of the Cabinet. Troops joined the rising, and
President Emilio Aceval was made prisoner.
South American * Strife,
Sudden and Successful Rising, in Which Troops
Join and Cabinet Members Are Leaders.
PRESIDENT OF PARAGUAY
IS MADE A PRISONER BY
DARING REVOLUTIONISTS
THE SAN* FRANCISCO GALL, FKIDAY^ JANTJARY 10, 1902.
3
A cleariri& Sale of stylish
f o r xx\qx\ for boys
Tf has alwm/* ' In the boys' and youths' department there
been our custom JMfflm ' Wl11 e offered unusual values. The suits and
, li liBPi overcoats represent a number of broken lines,
to nave a clear- . .. ¦¦: i %W-W\ and because the lines are incomplete in some
nolidsy trsuG w^s to close them out &t once. /^t^%^/^
SO thorough that < . /|W|fflB8^M^mBWffiSS^^^.\ Below are mentioned the values, in •//A **~ $fl\\
hppivv winfpr wpio^hf *?¦>-¦'" "~ ~ yi$W'W| / W«^l d b • • /^
in numbers of desir- SS^^^^M rlirillSniOgS HOtl wdLpS
able .check patterns, >¦; f v ' The following reductions will be made in furnish-
. lv jtt-' ' e^\ ings and caps — you can t afford to miss sucn values
/^ . y \ :> Boys' unlaundered white shirts, sizes 12 to 13^, former price
vJVCrCOttvS Mother's Friend shirt waists, shirt front and separate cuffs, ages
fe*BnS # wool 6 ? v^F c ° ats f are ;. aI1 " Boys' white unlaundered waists, ages 5 to 12, former price tfc;
A^jJTws, length, and^ weight, lined Mother's Friend shirt waists, only a few sizes left, former price
¦'¦' a\T^)l\- satin with ' orwithout^Vet- < > oc ' reduced t0 35c 5 better qualities; formerly 75c and 90c, reduced
iH^H^Bi^: «?n-nn C °«iA JrZ?^ PriCe 0 All-wool golf caps on special sale at 10c each.
l,^^Mi^mmMU^^ Children's sailor caps, in brown, blue and red, with assorted
I fm^WI^^^^MMKSS^^ iT* f* emblems, on special sale at 10c each.
ifiilllff/ M llilulli selling at $1.95^ $2.50, £3.00 I liSwilf 'iliili' 1 1 jf i~\ 1 "1 "tf" al C
I iill/ llBHllll ' and $3.50," will close out at ttlilll ¦ Efflnl UUlllu k/Ultu
A glance at our windows /^"Vv , Out-of-town orders filled —
will always prove interesting, nlwlwl Fi f I E An 1! i i write us * or . an y thl 'ng in
whether you need clothes,: \mJ^'J:^'\ --yy^ : l-' ; \/ men's or v boys 1 clothing, fiir-OFFICIAL INVESTIGATION OF WALLA WALLA DISASTER BEGINS
the •¦,-.& a is Francisco; ;piij^ friday^ 10, i»o..
Heard Distress Signals.
.*Tes. after the steamer left us sh« blew
her whistle twice."
"Did you notice a hole In the steamer
after the collision?"
"Yes, sir; I did."
Joseph Darragade, an able seaman* on
the. Max. who was In charge of. the wheet
at the time of the collision, was next
called. He proved to be an excitable wit
ness. He testified as though he was call
ing to his mates in a heavy thunder
storm. He became so excited that he fre
quently contradicted hrmself. He seemed
to misunderstand the questions put to him
by the Interpreter and -this . led to many
wrangles between the Inspectors, witness
'and Interpreter.
H» first testified that the captain- had
ordered th$ course changed before the col
lision, then stated that he heard the cap
tain tell the mate to turn about. . . . --
The investigation will b« continued this
morning. Captain Benoist -probably will
to« recalled and the testimony of the of
ficers of the ill-fated Walla Walla will be
taken.
whether she was golns to cross our bow
° r "\Vhen* you saw that the steamer. was
obscured by the smoke, did you make
any sounds to attract attention?
Steamer Was Warned.
"Yes, the bell was rung to call ths
change of watch and It was also runs to
warn the steamer. The b.ell waa rung
for seven or eight minutes."
"Then- you undoubtedly expected a col
• "Well, I saw she was cominff toward
u» and rang the bell to give them warn
ing "
"Where did the lookout stand?" asked
"C& the forecastle head," replied -the
Eugene Le Doriol, an 18-year-old appren
tice on- the Max, was the nexv witness.
When It was learned that he had* been tha
lookout on. the morning of the collision,
¦ surprise was eTlnced by those i present.
He ftafd "h» --was a. ltttte hSKfcer th#n aja
apptentice and had been at sea five and-a
half-years. He said he had been on^the
Max four months. He testified that he
was on the lookout and had been so for
an hour. He had gone on duty at mid
night. He stood next the green light.- The
weather was clear and a small breeze was
blowing. He said be could steer, but waa
seldom given an opportunity. '
He said he called attention to the lights
by ringing the btfll. This bell Is to call
the mate's attention that something was
In the vessel's path. He said there wa3 a
rule In the French navy that one. bell
was to announce there was a light on the
starboard, two bells for port and . three
• bells for one in front. He said he rang
the bell once and never lost sight of the
lights of the steamer. He told the number
of lights he had seen. ...
The witness testified that when tha
steamer was, within twenty meters of the
Max she turned on her course. Had she
not done so she would have struck the
bark amidships. He said the shock of the
collision was great, but he kept from fall-
Ins by holding- on to the capstan.
"Did you hear a call or whistle?" asied
Cantata Hall, .
' "we heard a cry and then all was quiet.
I could not distinguish, whether it was a
whistle or not." .
"After the vessels separated, did you
bear any more noise from the steamer?"
Young Lookout Tells
Convincing Story
on Stand*
Walla Walla's Lights
Obscured by Her ¦
Own Smoke*
Continued. From Page | One.
VEPraCK FROM- PHILIPPINES
The .Builders' Protective ./Association
petitioned; the Board joI.Supervisors'yes
,terday> to .take 'steps ,to = amend • the ; char- 1
ter. so : as >-to "permit ¦ of' progressive* J pay-
( ment3 on all public :work: of -at' .least" : 75
per cent of the vain* of work performed.
.Wants -Progressive ' Payments.
Thomas Snailham; a" ; ; brother, of the
prizefighter Of .that' narri^V was to
this city ; from Sacramento . last night by
Detective r Wren r and *'. booked '- for •grand
larceny/, He -/'is-' accused, : with 'another
young man," of, snatching -a ( purse . con
taining $175 from ¦William 1 Riley Tat Third
ana , Mission streets : several : nights ago. . ,
Snailham Brought Back.
Owing to: prejudice exhfSIted by Boeletv
against men of crime ' In Relieving them in.
capable of, reform and the establishment of
veritable hells for breeding of crTmlnals
termed prisons, we hjive to-day so men
of this class in our midst. -Prison • never did
any man any good. Th«jr should b« . controlled
by other men. taken -out of -politics and run
on the . principle of the law ol- love. » Vice li
mere infectlou* than diseaie. and while drunk
ennessia permitted by the suta' and - nothing
done.. to elevate the man In ita 'schools ol
crime. thU dread dlseast win ne'w be er a<U-
In conclusion the; speaker spoke of War
den Aguirre as the best, man for the po
sition:, of -chief at. the 8tat« prison that
California ever oroducaA.
Joseph King, a representative of the
Prisoners' Mutual . Endeavor Society or
ganized : aty.San v Quentln » for the purpose
of assisting released prisoners, spoke last
evening at Howard-street -M. :-E.- Church
He places the responsibility for a great
number of . criminals on ; society's shoul
ders. He said: -
Out of the^ Hands; of
•:;¦ " Politicians.
Says : State Prisons Should': Be Taken
REFORMED BXJRGL^WR
LECTUBES ON CBIME
. The general is a man of few words and
naturally of .'a : kindly nature, , but . there
¦ are .certain disturbing * elements ' In ' some
of : the Philippines provinces, that; In*hi3
opinion, will have to : be ; handled" with '.the
iron glove: , The general is a- soldier of the
old: school and.ikeeps' his*. opinions 'very
lareelv to .himsdr - and .reserves any
Iron Glove • Is Necessary.
- -General Hughes is over 60 years of ag«<
He comes . home '¦¦ for a ,-well earned rest.
He will be retired this '? year, . probably,
.withthe rank of major general.,. In;spite
of .hia i age .and in spite -of the; trying na
ture of -the- service he hag, just completed
he looksquite nt, in case of necessity; to
tacKle;the long," weary task all over
again;':; : r - '¦¦::.¦-'..;, -, ¦¦¦ ¦¦...> r >.--:. : ; '.-.-•":
' .General Hughes' is:" well ¦' satisfied with'
things as they are in. the Philippines: Tho
trouble in Samar is ¦ serious i enough, * he
believes.- but he thinks; the military:: now
has the situation, fairly well In hand. :
Hughes said yesterday: afternoon on the
transport. ' ' . :• ¦ -C ¦"•'¦'¦¦ ¦'*¦, .
-Brigadier' General " Hughes left San
Francisco in June; 189S, with General Otis,
and has taken .an active I part in the mili
tary management -¦ of Uncle Sara's t new.
ppssesslons ever since.?. He went out as
provost marshal of Manila, . and just ¦ be
fore % he left that part of; the. world-^a$
engaged 'in field operations against *J?.e
turbulent natives ; of ithe ¦ province : of
Samar. ¦¦- .,•,¦• :.'-• ¦'.''¦, ¦ ¦ •. ¦ - ..-j.
Rev. A. L. Hazlett of Colorado City, a
'minister of the Methodist Episcopal
: church, returned on the Kilpatrick. - He
was sent out -by the War Department, at
the Instigation of General MacArthur, to
investigate the moral condition of Manila.
He declares the stories of intemperance
and immorality that have appeared in
' public prints from time to time to ' be
gross exaggerations. There Is not a single
¦ saloon on the Escolta. he says, - and the
general moral tone of the city is good. He
has prepared a long report for the author
ities, the contents of which he does not
feel at liberty to divulge. He has a good
opinion of Manila morals,'- however. ¦
Not least interesting among, the Kilpat
riclc's passengers were the army children.
There were ten' of them. "At the begin
ning of the voyage they organized them
«4ves Into the regulation cliques. • The
nrtillery- girl held herself remote. The
cavalry boy patronized the infantry ¦• jtfrl
'and snubbed the infantry boy. while the
latter stood on the dignity of his father's
white stripes, but cast longing glance3 at
romos of the enlisted men. Christmas
V ¦'• ' ' '¦¦:..
arm?, and those black devils are handler
with their bolos -^.than you'd imagine.
They laid out twenty of our best men be
fore we got. organized so as to take care
of ourselves, and by the time we got our
evms they had disappeared as quickly as
they came."
Manila Morals Good.
-HEROES FRGM SAlRtfliEIO^E
Continued From Page One.
specific information of which he ' may be
possessed for his official reports to su
perior authority.";.: ; ; - { '.j * . :
He says that the process of converting
the natives to an appreciation of Amer
ica s intentions toward-: them" is ereatly
retarded by the difficulty of communica
tion between different parts of : the new
possessions. Roads andjtr,ails .are scarce
and bad.^ Where the natives have had an
opportunity .to realize the advantage >of
dealing; with Americans or under Amer
ican protection their friendship, -the gen
eral , says, ¦=. is embarrassing. He thfnlss
that 'Filipino friendship Is directed moro
affectionately, toward i the flesh pots than
» to the Government responsible for placing
.them at his hand. ; . > .
• General. Hughes has no definite plnns
for the i future. - • "While in - San Francisco
he ; will • be .- a • guest < of ¦ the . Cosmos Club.
He leaves for "Washington in :a. few days.
V Long and Active Career.
¦ General Hughes', career in the army has
been long. and- honorable. : He enlisted in
1861 as a private in the Twelfth Pennayl
,yania," and '¦ later in :> the . same " year was
commissioned *, first lieutenant ; of thq
Eighty-fifth *. Pennsylvania. He was cap
tain in 1862, -, lieutenant colonel . in '- law.
and -v/as breveted ; and . mustered out -: of
the 1 volunteer army in 1885. He received
a" commission as ¦ captain : in the : regular
army in 1866 and was promoted to ( major
and appointed Inspector general February
19, 1S85. •-'¦ He waa lieutenant colonel » later
ln-the; same year and colonel in 188S.- He
Was _ commissioned-, brigadier ?¦• general of
volunteers in 1S9S L and brigadier general cf
regulars last-year. 1 - .;r- ..i : ¦. .
:", The Kilpatrick. brought 950 -time expired
men and 75 cabin Dassensers. On the War-
Major W. D. McGaw, , surgeon, V. S. A. :
Major • L. W. ¦ Craxnpton. surgeon, - ; U. ¦¦• 8. • A. ;
Major W. N. ' Gilbert;' paymaster. :U. ¦ S. Av ;
Captain A. L-Dade. Thirteenth Cavalry; .Cap
tain E. C. Carey. Thirtieth .Infantry: Captain
A. E. Disney, assistant, surgeon - volunteers:
Lieutenant P. N.: Corbasler,' Fourteenth Cav
alry: Lieutenants- E. G. Davu. .W.: H. Ray
mond and V. C Lewis, artillery corps;. Lieu
tenant F\ J. ' Otis. Eighth Ca.valry; Lieutenant
J. M. Culllson. -Second Infantry; Lieutenant E.
E. Carroll, First. Infantry; Lieutenant ', Harry
Graham. -Twenty-second Infantry; contract eur
geoni, • J.' B.'.- Hall wood. : E. ""F. Caboda, , Guy
Stone. R. S. I^inn ¦ an-.l W. A. . Wickline; army
nurses^ P- I. Redeclcer nnd Barbara -Wiedraan;
Mn. A..L. Dade and ttro children, Mrs. V. -C.
Lewis, . Mr?. : F. -T. OtU and two children. Mrs.
K. C Carey, ' child end nurse: Mrs. \v. c.
Bennett and child. . Mr?. 15. ' S.' Minor; 'Mrs. E.
C. Poey. Mrs. J. U. Hall wood. It. . J. • Donnelly,
a: E. Moffatt.-;Captaln E..B..D.' Couch. G. C.
Kockwell. J.-I. Har\ey, O. 1 C. Jones, .U. S>N. ;
Rev. A. L. Hazlett." Lieutenant. S.' P. Edmonds,
U. S. U. C-- S. : Harry Herman. SH.'T., Alexan -
<!er. C. D.cAVheeler, Thomas Kelly,- Mrs.' D.-H.
Dodpe and ' two >" children, <- D. :. P.- Burrows. G,
B. Bruce. -H, R»rn)i«rii».. W. C. ThomDsnn. P.
Transport's Passengers. :,
T}ie cabin passengers on the Kilpatrick
Were as follows: '-.-¦',,['
day, however, wiped out all. distinctions.
Santa Claus sent an evergreen tree on
board at Nagasaki and on Christmas eve
adult representatives of all 'branches of
the service rigged up In the dining saloon
a Christmas-tree that made all stripes
look alike to the ten little beneficiaries.
The Kilpatrick also. brought two stow
aways from Nagasaki. They are Russians
and will be kept in the brig until the im
migration authorities find some subject of
the Czar to interpret their explanation
of their presence aboard. .', . V
Brigadier General R. P. Hughes, Brigadier
General Frederick ' Funston, First Lieutenant
A. L. Congrer. Flrtt Lieutenant R. Croft. Lieu
tenant B. J. Mitchell, captain T. E. Merrill.
Lieutenant G. Deiss, Lieutenant L. S.Chappe
kar. Lieutenant C.j B. Regan, Lieutenant W.
E. Murray. Contract Surgeons H. T. Saunders
ond J. D. Brooks, MIsh Irene Shields, Nurse 8.
Wilson. Mrs. II. Hartlng and child, : A. E ¦- Mc-
Cabe, • W. S. ••• Kahnweiler, - S. Bensal. W. r D.-
Ballard. J. P.- Wilson. ' ; J. • ¦ C.- - ErtellJ : n L.
Etrayer and F.-.L. -WilEon.-, ¦ ' - ;
At Wickerham and E, I. Gray. "¦.
Major. -W, N. Gilbert, paymaster.- U.-.S.- A.,
is home on two months' sick leave.. First Lieu
tenant W. H. Raymond of I the artillery corps
la also on , the invalid list. ¦ Lieutenant S. P.
Edmonds of the revenue cutter service , was
form«rly on the Mannlns. He has been spend
ing his leave in the Orient: , ! - ' ; :
"- The -Warren brought. in the cabin the
following: . . . :/
ren.were 23 cabin passengers and 700 sol
diers who * have earned their ; discharge
The Ktlpatrick brought home a number
of army women. and about a dozen array
children, the wives and families of offi
cers on board and' on duty in the Philip
pines. _ ' - " ¦ " ; - 7: ¦ - . . - ¦ .- . » .
• v. ;¦ ¦
leak by strengthening the bulkhead. At
the time of the collision the witness said
he could see people emerging from the
cabin or the Walla Walla. . He said the
nioment the. Max was struck the steamer
backed up and away; that torches were
lit at . his orders, which was a signal for
help. He said they did not know what
vessel was hurt the most. Ignace claimed
that the ; Max was moving so slowly that
it was impossible for her to run Into the
steamer. - ¦ • • • ¦
Captain Hall was Invited to ask ques
tions and he Interrogated Ignace as fol
lows:' • . • •
"I would Hike to ask you if you eaw
our red light."
"I did," replied the' witness, "but I
never saw your green light.",
"What . was the force of the wind at
the time of the' collision?" asked Second
Officer ,'Lupp. . . -..
"There was a small breeze and a heavy
sea." ¦ • '. ¦ ¦
"Were the sails full or flabby aralnst
the mast?" asked Bulger. - a ** 4il3t
- "They were full. We steered as close
a s we ¦ could ¦ to have the sails full."
"If- the -wheel had • been hard aport.
would the Max have turned quickly "
asked the inspector. . ' .
! "No, sir," answered "the witness. "She
¦would have turned very slowly."
. "Did you ever lose sight of the steam
er's light after you first saw her?"
"Yes, the heavy smoko obscured it at
times." . ....
."Then how was It you knew the steam
er was heading directly toward you?"
"I saw the smoke getting: nearer and I
knew the steamer was approaching"
.A'Then why -didn't you ; change your
course?" asked Bulger.
."I knew very, well the steamer was
coming toward, us, but . I- could not"' tell
' "There was oil enough In them to make
them burn I twenty-four hours. I knew
they. were burning. brightly because I had
occasion to go forward when I saw the
Mendocino light. ; At 8 o'clock the next
morning they were still burning brightly.
We were steering by the wind, which was
blowing south-southeast. - ThG weather
was .clear and you could see the moon
overhead every little while." .
An adjournment, was taken at this
P. 01 "*. but Ignace was recalled to . the
sion a^ • opening of. the afternoon ses-
He said the ship was going at the. rate
of two -miles an Hour. The: vessel was
steering well and had been on her tack
since 8 o'clock the night . before. He
claimed, he saw the Mendocino light be
fore the accident. It was bearing east
southeast. The ; witness contradicted
himself as to when he sawthe light, and
Inspector Bulger called for th© log book.
This was_ brought in by. Captain Benoist,
who, further; testified. -. .- . ¦,
Log-. Book Entries. .
v Captain Benoist said he took his longi
tude from • Paris and he ; used French
charts of this coast, and that he kept his
logbook frpm noon to noon. . The inter
preter then read the following from the
4<>£ o* -the -day; of th<? col ,, slon \ . u^
¦Heavy sea; strong breeze: clear:
foggy; changeable from . south to south
east; clear again: sails set at 3:25; saw
the light of Mendoclno at 4 o'clock; col
lision took, place with ..steamer going
west; from 4 to 12 the. ship was hove to "
.• Tire captain said : the foregoing entries
were made ©very four hours. Ignace was
then. taken Jn = hand and questioned fur-
Jtor.-v ; He said that after the collision
half the. crew got the lifeboats ready and
the other/; half worked hard to stop the
never thought of the danger of this kind
and therefore went below to put on some
clothes. This was about fifteen minutes
before the collision. When I wa3 on deck
1 taw the red light of the steamer and
the white headlight and the lights of her
cabin." w • '
"Was anything- done on ..the bark to
avoid a collision; was the course
changed?" asked Captain Bulger.
"The course, was hot changed," an
swered the witness.
Continuing, Captain Benoist said:
"The ship was staying by the wind.
After . the collision occurred I had the
ship turn about and lay to. We heard
no signal or hail from the steamer's
crew." . • . . •¦-. ¦
The witness then showed by diagrams
the position of the two vesrel3 before the
accident and how they separated after
ward.-
"How far anart were the vessels when
you first saw, the lights?" asked Inspector
Bulger. ¦ •¦ - ' v -
•"I could not- say. but I think three or
four ¦ miles. I think the steamer i could
have easily avoided the accident" . ...
"After the collision did you. know you
cut f into the -hold of the steamer?"
"Yes, sir."
i . Did Not Launch Boats. ¦:'/
"Were you not in a position. to launch
your boats?"
"Yes. Sir."
"Why didn't you do so?"
"We were too busy with our own boat.'.'
'."Why didn't you come to a standstill
where you struck the steamer.'* ¦
"I stayed there -until noon. I did- not
think the Walla Walla was very badly in
jured. Our forepeak was full of water,
but abaft that there was very little water.
We pumped* it out .by means of a. donkey
after the collision?'/ said Lupp, address
ing the witness. : ;
"I did.' They- were burning brightly,"
answered Captain Benoist. *
"What time were the lights put .but
the night before?" . •;;> . :
. "At sunset." ¦ '"' •"-.'¦
First Mate's Story.
.. Emile Ignace, first mate of the Max,
who was in command at the time oftho
collision,' was next, called to the stand,
and his testimony, corroborated that of
his superior officer. The witness testified
that he did not hold a certincato as;flrst
mate, as the French law did not require
it. Without many preliminary questions
he made- the following statement:
"At 3 o'clock on the morning of the col
lision I saw the light on Cape Mendocino.
Five minutes later I •: saw the lights of
the steamer. I called Captain , Benoist
and told hitn.I saw the Mendoclno light.
He I then 1 came on deck. I - then showed
him the lights of the steamer. The steam
er's ' lights were obscured by the --thick
smoke that poured from her funnels. -The
cap.tain' remained- on the poop and I.went
below: to. give necessary orders to navi
gate the ship, i While > I ¦ was giving or
ders ..the ; steamer continued to ; approach.
I ran to- the captain and told ; him that
the steamer was getting too close. -
'.'The collision .took place on- the fora
part of the Max on the starboard iside.
We did everything: we. could to ( save, the
ship. } • The captain's . room ¦ is ¦ on the : poop
deck and he had -gone In. there tochango
his ¦'. clothes. The first : time I -saw the
steamer.it was at an angle of 45 degrees.
She seemed: to ¦ continue •,• on • her \ course."
The thick, smoke prevented my seeing the
vessel. 'The lights of the = Max were • very
bright. I examined thenr before the-col
lision. ;•-, -¦¦*•.- i :* •
engine. ' It' took us about twenty minutes
to get up steam 1 in the engine. ; She does
not make any water , now." .
"You saw the steamer's lights fifteen
minutes after the collision?" said Mr!
Bolle's. "Then why. didn't you lower a
boat?" , • -"
"I • thought the steamer* was- not much
damaged and was malting land," replied
Benoist. : '¦/¦:¦ '•¦-...
"Why didn't you find out?" -
"I was looking after my own ship. She
did not steer well ¦ after the collision." ¦•
"After you knew it was the Mendoclno
light why dirl you steer toward it?"
"It was our intention to go near it and
then turn around. I was not sure it
was the Mendocino light. I wai guess
ing." , . .
-".When I came on deck I saw the Men
docino light and the lights on the steamer
at the same time."-
Captain Hall of the Ill-fated steamer
Walla Walla was. then invited to. question
the witness. . . . . " '¦'. .
.Captain Hall turned to Captain Benoist
and said: ¦ - -
"How far away :, did . you think the
steamer was before she-sank?" > /
. "About ¦ three or four miles,'?; replied
the witness. . ' ' '
"Did you take your bearings off, Cape
Mendoclno at daylight?" ¦¦ /:',«'
."Yea, sir."' . •. '.Vl'X' - ¦'¦..:¦ .•/'•¦
"Did you send any one ¦ aloft the . next
day to se"e If any one was in. the water?"
. "Yes,- sir." ::¦, •¦ i .". ,-v ;.•'"'" ;-. :
"How was the weather the next.day?"
y"Jt w as a little foggy." ' ¦ .
Second Officer ¦ Lupp- asked- permission
at thSs time to , put a few questions to the
witness. Captain Bulger said I/upp had
a right to question ; the witness because !
he was one of the officers on trial. ' " :
? "Did you "examine the lights of-the Max
Master of |^^^^^8^^^^SS^^S^I8^^^^R^^^^ and Was
" Making Eani^ancJ; for TCat Reason He Did Not Stand By.
WITNESSES AT THE WALLA WALLA ; INVESTIGATION BEFORE THE INSPECTORSOF HULLS. AND BOILERS.
firm of Page, McCutchen. Harding &
SEm 'ooked after the interests of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Captain Benoist of the French bark Max
looked much rounder than he did a few
days ago. This is due to the fact that .he
; liad his chin whiskers removed. He
proved a willing: witness and his testi
mony proved interesting.
Captain Benoist Testifies.
¦ r tai ?u Beno " st was th e first wtfness
feJJed. The inspectors had as much trou
¦ Die explaining questions to acting Inter
preter Henry, which he put to the wit
ness, as they did in eliciting answers from
Captain Benoist. A statement had been
prepared unaer the direction of the cap
tain andT this was read with many expla
nations by Mr. Henry.
; The statement -was in, part, as follows:
i~ , £ fl f 6 , t ;? la t^ Emlle Ignace. was. on
watch at 3.\so in the morning. He was in
'££ 3r e e of the sailors- of the port watch.
;foe weather was cloudy and the wiuJ
from south-southeast. There was a fair
orteze blowing and the sea was rather
rough The course of the ship was north.
«7 east. The lights of the. ship were burn
ing, ignace came to me and told me that
he could see the Cape Mendocfno light at
south. 78 east of the compass. The lights
of the steamer could also be seen at 45
cegrees off the starboard bow. The steam
er .was clouded at times by her own
smoke. A sailor named Dorroun . who
was on the lookout, reported, the light of
the steamer some time before. The sailor
¦ifJlFa !?«*h l ° Wani the mate that thcre
*^} £? m ,f £" deck at thls moment an-1
*a* the Ught myself and then went down
to put on some more clothes. Then the
shock came. I went up immediately <jn
the dood and saw the steamer ton the
Rtsrboard S1? je. Our bowsprit was turned
arcund to the port side by the collision.
1 immealately ordered a torch to be light
¦ i. a^ d had the foghorn blown so as to
i?t the people on the steamer know wher<>
J^iidnn 6 '. If 131011 at the scene of the
eOflision until nocn the next dav. Not
«tjng anything. I thought the steamer
i had heen able to resc-h land. . «=««-«
i^inV?* 17 lh > e lights of the steamer fifteen
minutes after the collision. We also
heard a great cry at some distance. See
<£.i at curda inagp was in the forepart
of the watertight compartment I ordered
this reinforced and later on I did every
thing- I could to- save my ship. In the
S**°,?V f # e same day * * aiIed th «
Bt earner Washtenaw -and asked her for
a tow into San Francisco. At 7:30 ;he
next morning we spoke the American
reamer Columbia and we were then told
that we had collided with the Walla.
Walla. "".¦'' • .•-•-
The fame day the McCullocfc came
alongside and also the Acme. The Acme
tried to give us a tow. but her hawsers
parted and she was slightly damaged.
The tea was very rough. After hard work
the McCulloch gave a lire to the Acme
and helped tow us in. We anchored In
the bay at 8:40 in the evening. In con
sequence of the tow I protested against
the steamer Walla Walla. I make reser
vation of the right to bring suit against
the author of the accident."
Under examination by Captain Bulger
the witness testified that he had been a
rr.8Fter of a vessel for seven years and
heJd a certificate from the- French Gov
ernment. He said he could not tell the
position of his ship at noon the day before
the collision. He said he had not talcen
observations for two days owing to the
cloudy weather. His clock., he said, was
set forty-eight hours before the accident
According to bia time the accident hap
pened at 3:45. As 'it was much la,ter than
this It is evident that his clock was not
on time.
"When the mate called me." lie said,
"the ship was not making two knots. I
raw the steamer before the collision. I
Continued From Page One.
[Captain Benoist Says
the Steamer Was i
at Fault
Claims Lights Were
in Place and
Burning,
4
AD VEB.TISE3giaJTS.
igj|j||=j|j|g£|a Sportsmen . ana
§lT^iSi^na muctl sustenance
RUte^&Sly in Uttle bulKm
yN^coM pants
Sighed VV ; •§£. ACT'
® VIM. VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON . BISHOP- 3 PILLS
have been in use . over fifty
years by th« le»d«rs ot. th*
Mormon Church and . Uwlr
followers. PtJaltlvtly cur» tho
wont case* in old add youiiff
arising from - effects af ie!(-
»buse. dissipation, excesses or
' cigarette-smoking* Cure Loat
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losaea, Insom
Bis. Pains in Back. Evil Destves. Lais* Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltnes» to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. m>v Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ker fl vousTwltchln* vf
Eyelids. Effect* are zZjZ immediate. Iip-
part vigor and pote CCJV7S ncy to every func-
tion. Don't Mt despondent; a cure Is at fcamJ
Restore small, undeveloped organs. 'Stimulate
J? e .« b Z aln a . nd ne«™ center * ; 50c a b«x; • ror
$2 SO by mall. . A written guarantee to cur« ur
IA/. X. HESS,
K0TAKY PTIBiaO AOT> ATT0XHET-AT-L1.W.
Tenth Floor, -Room 1015. qaua SpredieU Bids;.
_ Telephone Main 983.
Residence, -821- CalitornU «t. below Poweil.
r¥lronnffllflTSsnilT¥iWiSi i ii ¦! mitmi ¦¦iiman UMilWrairiThe'' political officeseeker doesn't w»at
anything, he can't set..
Administrator Sues ' Guardian.
;"v George A. Abrego, administrator "of -the
estate of. thejate. Amelia Miller, filed; a
suitUor 'an accounting yesterday, against
Robert • D. Klngsley, guardian : of - the J es
,tate iof .William ¦. C; Miller, an ¦- insane, perr
son. Abrego ; alleges; that ; Klngsley h has
grossly^ mismanaged ? the - estate ;;\ of *" his
ward and ' squandered ¦¦ money ; on : deposit
In - Miller's . name -In - the * Hibernla\ Bank.
Abrego : asks ; for . the [ removal of .Klngsley
and an ¦ order, of : court compelling :¦, him • to
refund moneys; alleged ., to • haver been
drawn from the bank.
Local ¦¦ Eagles ¦ Elect, Officers.
1 At v the last ' meeting ¦ of \ San '; Francises
Aerie ; No. ; 5, Fraternal • Order of . Eagles,
the .: following named '.were elected 'for the
ensuing 1 term : " C* G. ' Nagle." president ; C.
F. Williams, l vice i president: - S. Michael,
chaplain;' Gus Pohlman, secretary; : E..I*.
Wagner, treasurer: F.:H.. Everett," con
ductor; C.'H.'Donlan; inside, and LV Hols,
outside guardian; J. Bassity. F. Dunn and
W. H'. •' Flaherty .-; trustees ; - Drs.- : E. . Bun
nell and J. J. Keefe; physicians. ..-. . . - ¦; ¦'¦
Knocked Senseless and Bobbed.
.: . A\ report, .was * made • to "Captain ¦ of , De
tectives • Seymourj yesterday [afternoon of
, a ¦' daring , robberyj committed' in t the] Gloria
deiSee'saloon at 526% Pacific street.- Bur
dette: Harris,^a' sergeant^ of .the i Twenty
fourth : Infantry; was I hit I on I the head I and
robbediof more than $S0 in the place. . The
(robbery, took place about 3 o'clock. i Harris
says ; he • entered '.. the i saloon .with ¦ a ', friend
I to * take a "¦; drink.' - He * passed ? a twenty
'dollargold'plece over.the bar. ¦ His friend
'. then ¦; passed ou t '. and : he ? stepped ; toward
1 the } rear '' of ' the j saloon.'-; He ':> received z a
stinging i blow « on •: ; the :• back ;.¦ of \, the * head
and immediately, lost consciousness. {When
he "'- recovered ; his i money; was * gone.* ? He
' questioned i those l in 2 charge ;of the place/
¦but.they'stated^theyiknewinothlngjas'ito
who ; his ¦ assailan ts were.u^HH8j|a^g
Elizabeth V. Darling filed a suit yester
day, for $25,000 damages against F. E.
Hesthal of Napa. '» She claims ¦ that T -. he
caused her arrest on a charge of trespass
maliciously preferred > on October, 15; 1301.
Mrs." D&rllng was acquitted of 'the charge
and now seeks to recover damages -on
act<unt of the mental anguish her arrest
caused her. . . ¦-.. . ,- .
Arrest Causes Damage Suit.
Cathedral Council No. 59, Young Men's.
Institute, will give its ; fifth - annual . ball
on Friday evening, • January 31, at .'Native
Sons'. Hall. The ! committee, of .' arrange
ments ; consists of ' J. L. Mahpny, • J; A.
McGougrh; A. W. Lallard, F. C. : Fanner,
H. A. Byrnes, A. Antiguis,-B.- L.:O'Con
nor. -W. A, O'Leary.J. Redmond,' J.Mc-
Cormlc.; A. L. Quatman and AV.VC.
Keougb. • ; . .
Young Men's Institute 'Ball.
The Pacific Coast "VN'hlst Association is
holding its tournament In the clubrooms
at S Mascn street. Players of ability from
all over the coast have come to this city
to participate. About 100 ladies and gen
tlemen tDok part in the contests last
r.lght, "he winners were: :¦ North and
south, Mrs. George E. Bates and Simon
Meyer; cast and west, Mrs. and Mits
Shaw o:! Sacramento. The tournament
will be continued to-night.
w nisi; Tournament' in Progress.
1 NEW LONDON, Conn.,, Jan: 9.— The United
States Irainiric . ship Hartford, which went
aground . yesterday afternoon,'- was ¦ floated J to
day. - Sbe was uninjured.
Another i Charge -of; Bobbery " : Booked
Against Emil Basso" and' Hans
"Miller. : ,
~: Charles • Shurlan,' who : lives at the 'Win
chester House,' 40 Third. street,*: reported to
the i? police 'yesterday '¦ that shortly,; after
midnight he met two young men on Third
street - and asked them ,to « direct ; him ; to
the : hotel, ri They ¦«' took - him * down Hunt
street and robbed him of $50.: He -vtras; un
able ' to .' give any ; accurate ; description f of
the robbers.'e(B^w»lj^a*^?ggCSg<agB?]^
¦ Robert Pister, 1615 Lombard street,- swore
to a ,- complaint t In .Judge : Mogan' s ) court
yesterday charging Emll Basso and 'Hans
Miller,with robbery and .they- were s booked
at the, City Prison. Pister alleges that' on
the. night-, of ' January; 2,vwhile he' was on
his .way, home, the accused : men ' held J him
up and -robbed; him' of a silver, watch,': gold
ring •' and "i match ibox.T^ There ¦", is .) &-i case
pending-/ In :i Judge -Megan's court ' against
them f on f a; similar ; charge 1> for.:. robbing
James V.Wllson on; Powell , street,' .between
Francisco - and '¦ Bay, ' last ; Monday morn-
Xn s-<$$BBsi8BP : -» ' •"¦¦ ¦¦-, : "'"-""- :-•; \'--J
ASKS HIS : WAY; 'HOME
V ANT)' IS HELD TJP
Percentage . Poker Test Cases.
,".When the cases , of Adolph Franzinl .. o''
the " Cafe . Royal and ; R.- Schrensky . of : the
Baldwin .Annex, . charged .with playing
percentage poker,- were called In:- Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday Assistant -' Dis
trict Attorney Hanley said he had dec'iled
not to amend the complaint and the Ju.iae
dismissed the cases. Hanley .will probatrfy
file a ; new complaint -under; the . Penal
Code against ¦ the defendants, so as to
have ¦ the matter tested . In ~ the higher
courts. HBHBBHffKH
NEEDS BRITISH GOOD WILL.
Morning Papers Give Some Advice to
Germany.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— Count von Butow
again fills. a large space t in the morning
papers.^which print. columns of extracts
from the opinions of the German and for
eign press and discussions of the matter
by, the. Berlin correspondents. • But- the
majority of the morning papers refrain
from Inflaming the misunderstanding by
editorial comment.
The Dally Graphic, which prints a semi
official statement similaf to the one pub
lished by the Daily Mail, confesses Itself
quite at a loss to understand the object
of Count von Bulow's speech. . .'
r The Chronicle also says It'falla to un
derstand the . blind fury of Germany
against England and the United States.
The Standard says: .."Doubtles3 some
means, will- be found to signify to' the
court at Berlin that some reparation may
appropriately be required. We can only
, trust that the German Government will
recognize the expediency of making a
speedy and . satisfactory amend. .• In the
present grouping of European power* the
good' will of Great Britain cannot be a
matter of indifference to Germany."
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency.were filed yester
day in the United States District Court
as follows: Mrs. M. H. Young, housewife,
San Francisco, liabilities, 57177 £0, assets,
$1200; ' J." D. Cordsen, confectioner, San
Francisco, liabilities, $2251 87. : no assets ;
John O* Day. restaurant keeper, San
Francisco, liabilities,-. $1601 08. - no assets;
J. W. Conant. .miner. Redding," Sha«ta
County, liabilities, $13,310 47, , no assets. - •
Mahony did. not show up at the; office
at all yesterday. It -was- given out that
his abspnee was due to "nervous pros
tration." ' **}
FOLrnciAira battle
FOB, TTUTTLIjED PLACES
2Jew Appointees Fear Another Up
heaval in the Office of the
County Clerk-
Many of the newly appointed deputies
and copyists appointed by County Clerk
Mahony yesterday are living In fear of a
further removal edict from -the office of
their chltl. The appointment- of those
who" were sworn -in yesterday ha* caused
a. howl from North Beach to the Potrero
and yesterday several changes were made
In consequence of the storm created.
Frank Grimes, one of the most popular
and efficient deputies at the City Hall,
and who **-as left off the list, was put on
in a hurry, yesterday morning because
pvery voter in the Thirty-eighth Assembly
District demanded it. John J. Cassidy, a
clerk under. Deane, who wae not given a
place by Mahony. -came along while the
etcrm was raging and was provided for.
Judge Hebbard. who lost his clerk. Rob.
<;rt Fitzgerald, when the change In Coun
ty Clerks took place, refused to hold court
yesterday morning because Fitzgerald
was not present and Is using his utmost
endeavors to have him restored to duty.
James E. McElroy. whom no one thought
would b«: left out. is still looking and
lighting ::or an opening and ex-Senator
Thomas Maher and Oscar Tolle," deposed
deputies, are looking for places. The fight
promises to be a merry one,' as with the'
appointment of Grimes and Cassidy the
number ct vacancies Is reduced to one.
Sohler Children Gain a Point.
' The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Xaxer Sobler's seven children were
entitled to a new trial. In which they may
attempt to prove. that Paul Reuss secured
a portion of the paternal estate by fraud.
ReuES was brought forward by Sohler's
widow as an -unrecognized but legitimate
son and he was awarded one-eighth ' of
the estate. .The other children allege that
Reuss Is an impostor.
Boy Beggar Arrested.
Several | boys make It a practice to
stand outside the Cafe Zlnkand at nights
and each take a turn at begging money
from people who leave the cafo.
Wednesday night Henry -Ernest, 12 years
of age, was arrested there for begging by
Officer McMurray of the Society, for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children. Er
nest appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday ana was given into the care of the
Boys' and Girls'.. Aid Society. The boy's
father was In court and the Judge scored
him for not taking proper care of his
son. ¦•
PEKING, .Jan. . 9.— The ' Dowager ,Em
press of China asserted her complete su
premacy to-day by granting an -audience
in the most sacred halt in the Forbidden
City. The rules of the dynasty forbid
women from entering this hall and the*
Dowager Empress " has never before • vio
lated its sanctity.
: . The Emperor will receive : the ¦ foreign
diplomats in this hall. - .
Officials believe the Dowager ' Empress
to be paving the way to be present, upon
this occasion In order to prevent any com
munication between the diplomats and the
Emperor except under her censorship.
The Dowager Empress is preparing to
send letters to the Ministers of the for
eign powers here expressing- her desire
for the maintenance of _ the friendly . rela
tions and her, willingness to receive ad
vice in- audience. - \
- Progressive Chinese officials say that
the Dowager" Kmpress disapproved of
Boxcrlsm, that her wishes in this matter
were overruled and that her edicts wera
garbled.
It la possible that General Tung Fuh
Slang,- the notorious anti-foreigner, whose
decapitation has been ordered by the
Dowager Empress in an edict, has already
been beheaded. leMPBUtttPatoBV- ••
, The Tartar general In Kansu province,
who was ordered- to carry out this sen
tence, has telegraphed -that he has Im
prisoned Tung Fun Siang In his yamen
and asks for instructions. To this mes
sage the Dowager Empress replied order-
Ing the Tartar general to carry out, her
edict.
•The application for. a writ of mandate
requiring the Auditor to audit a demand
for ?15 alleged ¦ to be due/for extra serv
ices filed by Joseph A. Harrison, a 'dep
uty,, registrar.' of voters,' was denied by
Judge , Seawell yesterday. .The suit . was
commenced for the purpose of testing
the'valldity of section 4: of the charter,
covering. the salaries of deputy registrars.
The decision 'of Judge ¦ Seawell destroys
the.' hopes of the deputies in the Regis
trar's ofHce that they would be compen
sated for -working overtime.
) Harrison . wa"S' appointed In . October at
a* salary ' of s $100 per " month. He . worked
several nights from 7:30 to\ 9:30, and th«
claim which the Auditor .refused to ; sign
was for pay for work . performed during
these hours. "• " . ' . ' .
Judge Seawell in, his opinion says:
The • services rendered by the plaintiff be
tween 7:30 p. m. and 9:30 p.\. m.- were of the
same character ' as those ' rendered during the
regular -office hours. Th« only difference be
tween : - them is • as to the hours of the day
during which they were rendered. . - .
The salary of $100 fixed by the resolution of
September ; 30 ; was not merely for - plaintiff' 8
services during certain 'hours of , the day, but
for the entire month, and any provision giving
further compensation for services rendered in
the same capacity during that month is dearly
an increase of salary forbidden by. the charter.
The • so-called "extra" services . rendered by
the ¦ plaintiff were a part of his official duties
and of : the ', same character as those rendered
at ; other times. ¦ If the . clerical force of - the
department should at any time be inadequate,
the, board has power to appoint as many cleri
cal assistants as may be necessary, but it has
no . »ower, • upon the : theory that the existing*
clerks or deputies are being overworked, to in
crease the salary of any of them after It has
once been • fixed. -, ¦ . •
Never before in the history* of the coun
ty'has the. Broadway Jail beenjn-such a
crowded condition. Nearly. twice the num
ber, of prisoners it can comfortably . ac
commodate^ have , been, put into : its cells
and >¦ the occupants ' are suffering- for ¦ lack
of spaced The jail authorities ;. are j help
less.; - Superlrftende^nt 7 Frank Cornyn \ has
placed his 1 , wards away in every, available^
quarter without -sacrificing; their,', safety,'
and now , finds • himself ' in* ' a :' : quandary
where to deposit more that will of neces-"
slty be sent to him. Yesterday .there were
143 ' prisoners detained ; In the jail.' .'Super
intendent Cornyn says that he should not
have'. moretthan* ninety-nine.': r " ' ¦.'..'.:'. ... ',
'¦ . These men occupy cells on three : corri
dors, a ; lower and an - upper :¦ one r " and : ' a
third inclosed' by.a'wall.' The cor
ridor cells are the only, ones in which pris
oners are deemed secure, and into these
the j most of them : are ; placed.";-'- The • upper
corridor • cells • present : to', the'- prisoners
temptations -to break ¦ jail \ and its ' occu
pants cannot . always be .watched . closely.
For these reasons only trusties and men
charged ¦ with trivial ; offenses ;. are . locked
up there. ..The yard corridor Is never, used
for '.the 3 reception ":¦ of the - badly - criminal
element,' It being without the building and
walled insecurely. Chinese awaiting de
portation are ' all • that are trusted to ; it. f;
-The congestion has been caused by: the
increase of crime during the early winter
and holidays, '< also - by the : fact . that the
calendars were : allowed 7 to ; run : behind
while the t Judges were "absent on: vaca
tions. -There ; are but • three criminal Su
perior'i Courts v and : all i the ,; felony ¦• cases
must be disposed of: by them. ¦:
¦ District :< Attorney - Lewis ¦ F. , Byington
states ; that ' by, hard > labor • the ; calendars
may. be cleared within -three months and
the , strain ¦ on the * jail < relieved." •••He - does
not thlhk that' Judge , Cook's ' plan • for; the
hearing \ of t criminal cases ; in : civil I courts
feasible,-* as . the .District \ Attorney Is .pro
vided with but three - prosecuting,'attor
neys and knows of no means by which he
could secure more. ;• '-. ' ;\- ; -' '.- v-.'*r ;%¦
THE newly appointed member of
the Board of Education, Alfred
Roncovieri, took his seat yester
day morning at a special. meeting
called for the purpose. Mr. Ron
covieri was cordially greeted by his future
associates. \ : >•¦
The board organized by electing. Direc
tor Denman president. The latter urged
harmony, and said thatihe hoped the re
lation between the Directors should at all
times be pleasant. Mrs.- Kincaid, the re
tiring member, wa3 not present and the
following resolution in her honor was
adopted: ¦ '¦
Whereas,' This day marks the termination of
the presidency in this board of Mrs. Mary w.
Kincaid, the first woman * who has held : said
office in San Francisco; and ¦ ,• ' . ' .. '":
Whereas, It is the opinion of this board that
some recognition should be made of her , emi
nent services and untiring labor for the better
ment Of the public school system and for the
development of the finest type of civic honor;
therefore be It ; . . .
Resolved, That the most earnest thanks of
this board be and they are hereby tendered to
our late ¦ president and fellow member, Mary
"W. Kincaid, for the splendid example that she
.has given of the requirements for public.offi
cial duty, r . . \
City Architect Mooser sent a communi
cation stating that the Board of : Public
Works suggests that the proposed new
Noe Valley School house, to • be ¦- built on
Douglass and , Twenty- fourth - streets, • be
changed from a ¦ frame to a. brick build
ing. The four Directors stated that they
are in favor of the change if the funds are
available, Roncovieri strongly urging. that
substantial buildings only be built. :¦¦'¦,
The board granted. permanent grammar
school certificates to Mis* Emma G.
Howard and Mrs. Florence Perlet, and a
permanent primary certificate . to . Mrs.
Margaret Dwyer and recommended . Mrs.
Perlet to the State Board of Education for
a grammar school' life diploma.~ l *$S35p'¥%$39
Superintendent Webster desired to know,
why Mrs. Geraldine Boyle had been con
solidated : out of her class 1 in -the. Lincoln
Evening School, yet two days after the
same class was re-established.' '--Webster
was informed .- that • Mrs.' Boyle" had
sented herself without leave and was now
on the evening eligible list. •'.. . " . •¦• •; .'
The City Attorney ' was asked : tor- an
opinion as to the yalidityof the McHugh
contract" to sell ldts for the 'Fremont
School. When McHugh ' learned that i the
lots were for the:city.he raised the, price,"
though the terms were already negotiated
by Herman Murphy. >y. • -:¦ -
p*rm*Q HE Board of Public -Works, will
'HP"' be called upon^by- the Board of
! ¦ II Supervisors-, to explain why. plans
S. ]\ , for,a,$40,(K)0'sub-pollce station; _ to
, be\ erected at Fourth! arid Clara
•streets, -were -prepared when., ' the
ordinance passed ; by .the. Supervisors pro
vided specifically ' for a $25,000 structure.'
The matter was brought Uo thet attention
of 'he Street Committee yesterday by City
Architect Mooser, who desired to have the
specifications typewritten. ¦ ¦ -
i In' the'eourse of the. discussion" Mooser
said that- while; a- contract;was let for a
figure slightly within the appropriation of
$25,000, ¦ it ¦ would cost $15,000 additional to
complete "the building. ;- The statement
made by Mooser staggered- the commit
tee,' which • desired ,<to know .by what au
thority the Board of- Works had- acted:
Braunhart of the committee said:>. v y'-
There: has-been but- $25,000 appropriated . for
the : sub-station » in - the last - budget - and • ; the
Board of -Works certainly, has no right to make
plans so -largely : increasing the cost. Po-.
lice Commission stated when the appropriation
was made that $25,000 .would erect the build
ing, I and - the f Board ' of Supervisors is the '¦ sole
Judge of the matter. -•--.. .
; The matter ¦ will . not be allowed', to 1 rest
and ; a resolution' directing ,the Board ¦ of
Works 1 to explain Its action , will •> be
adopted' at the next meeting. ; . -
The Street Committee directed the clerk
to" requests the Board of Public, Works to
inform the Board of Supervisors why the
construction - of - the easterly extension ; of
the -Army-street sewer had .' not ¦ been ; or
dered; also to Inform the. board. as to tthe
status of the/ project" to sewer Potrero
avenue and . when the contract • will be let
for the construction of the Sunset sewer,
which .work' 'was . ordered about two
months. ago. ....-..'.:¦. ' ' .
The committee ..reported, in*. favor pf
granting '¦ the > Chutes . a', permit to erect a
bridge across Tenth avenue. . ¦.
The Dowager Empress of
.China Grants an Audi
. ence in Sacred Hall.
Deputy Registrars Can
not Collect Allowance
for Overtime.
• Superintendent in Quan
" dary Regarding Ac-;
Roncovieri Takes "His
Place as Member of
School Board.
Works Board Must Ex
plain Why It: [Increased
the Estimate.
No. Police Brevet Bank.
The Police Commissioners have issued
an order that in future there will be no
brevet ra.nk in the force. When a mem
ber of the department is assigned by the
Chief for a particular duty he must wear
the insignia of the office he holds. For
instance. Clerk Norman has the pay of
a captain, but only holds the rank. of
sergeant and must In future wear a ser
geant's uniform. Property Clerk Dinan
has also .the pay of a captain, but must
wear a patrolman's "uniform, the short
Jacket being substituted for the long coat.
The officer's rank must also appear on his
cap. Hitherto the clerk to the Chief and
the property clerk have worn captain's
.uniforms.
DYHASTY RULES
ARE SET ASIDE
BROADWAY JAIL
IS OVERCROWDED
MRS.KINGAID MAKES WAY
FOR MAYOR SCHMITZ'S MAN
JUDGE SMELL
UPHOLDS WELLS
Symphony Society Meets.
The annual meeting of the"" San "Ejran
cisco Symphony Society took place yes
terday afternoon in the studio of Robert
Toimie, -727 Sutter street. Among those
in attendance were Dr. E. R. Taylor, vice
president; Professor William Carey Jones,
secretary; Mrs. K. S. Goewey, Robert Toi
mie, J. A. Morrow, Dr. A. Barkan, W.
L. Greenbaum and Paul Steindorff, con
ductor. The meeting >was for the pur
pose of electing officers for the ensuing"
year, but by general consent the present
board was reauested to remain In office
until after the present series of symphony
cj-ncerts being given at the Grand Opera
hi use.
Dr. A.'Barkan Mrs. K. S. Goewey Jnd
Mrs. Robert Toimie were" appointed a
committee to revise the by-laws and re
port on March 11.
The second concert of the present series
given under the auspices of the Sym
phony Society will take place this after
noon at the Grand Opera-house.
Hoping that you will consider this matter of
sufficient public Importance to take Immediate
action and j;r ant the residents an early hear
ing, I am GEORGE H. ROUNDEY,
President University Mound and Bay View
Improvement Club. . ...
POLICE CHIEF WITTMAN
ORDERS MORE CHANGES
Desk and Patrol Sergeants of- the
Southern District Are Shifted
Around.
Chief of Police Wittman %as ordered
several changes In the southern district,
which Captain Spillane will j>ut into ef
fect to-day. Sergeant Lewis, the present
desk sergeant at the Southern J station,
will be sent to the Potrero station and
Sergeant P. A. Mahoney. patrol sergeant,
will take his place at the desk."
Corporal Shanahan, who was connected
with the Potrero statiftn, will take up
Mahoney's duties on the street. Sergeant
Wolf will be removed to the Mission dis
trict and Sergeant Duke, now doing duty
at the Mission, will fill Wolfs position as
patrol sergeant south of Market street.
-r-, r-- AYOR SCHMITZ'S troubles be'
n\\*\l g£.n as soon as he entered; his
K W\\ office at the City . Hall yester
][ Y j\ day morning. His mail brought
him a letter from George -H.
Roundey, president of the University
Mound and Bay View Improvement
Club, complaining against the* Board
of Public Works 'for, discriminating
against residents in- the dis^rlct-s
named in the matter - of street ob
structions. Roundey asserts that the
board compels people of small political im
portance to remove obstructions, but more
favored ones are not required to obey the
law. The new Mayor read the letter care
fully and expressed his intention to in-'
vestlgate the complaint. ¦ The letter, fol
lows: TTjijui rnwuiffiTiniiTiii tiiwi iiwni
To the Hon arable, the Mayor, E. E. Schmitz
—Dear Sir: I wish to bring up the subject
of street obstruction and the refusal- (even
after having itsued the notices) of the Board
of Public Works to perform its duty. . <•
You will find Uiat the Bureau of Streets, by
order of the Beard of - Public Works,' did issue
on July 30. l£01, notices to a number of people.
Some of the offender?, . under the impression
that these notices would be enforced, removed
the obstructions that they had been illegally
maintaining, but' others, - thebe on the inside
as it. were, did not nor have they yet removed
these obstructions, much to the detriment and
inconvenience of the residents of the district.
¦ At the late election- many of the voters, in
order to rea:h the voting booth, were com
pelled to go as many as ten blocks out of their
way.
Outside of the fact that the Board- of Pub
lic Works should remove obstructions on the
public streets, it is a great injustice on their
part to issue notices and then only enforce
them where the people are of small . political
Importance or possibly poor.
Mr. Gartland, attorney for the' Board of
Public Works, is taking a very active interest
In .defending the action of the board in thio
particular case. In Justice to the whole dis
trict . I ..aEk that you . appoint an early date
that we can place the matter before you and
that we may have an attorney . to refute . the
arguments of Mr. Gartland.
As you will see by the notices the. trouble In
long standing and since that date many other
districts are inflicted with the same trouble by
lack of action on the part of the Board of
Public Works.
JS. PARRY'S resignation as
chairman of the executive com
miti.ee <Parry faction) of the
3 Union Labor party is in the
hands of the secretary, to be
presented at the next meeting. The
Union Labor party has' three ex
ecutive committees. At a - meeting
of the original committee, held sev
eral weeks ago, there was a row. The
Parryites, headed by Eugene E. Schmitz:,
left the hall, called a meeting at another
place, and reinstated Parry, who had been
deposed from the chairmanship by the
Delaney faction. Fifteen of the twenty
five executive committeemen followed
Schmitz in the walkout. Ten remained
after Schmit^. Parry and the others
bolted, and acting under the advice of
T. Carl Spelling instituted proceedings in
court to prevent the secretary from de
stroying or mutilating the records.
Laughs at a Report.
The factional committee of which Parry
Is chairman is not a governing body In
the sense of the charter, as it did not
derive its existence from a convention
created by the election law. Parry main
tains that his membership in this com
mittee is no bar whatever to his right
under the charter to hold the office of
Fire Commissioner. He had made up his
mind before he was appointed to the Fire
Commission 1:0 resign from the commit
tee. He says that he would have re
signed some time ago if Mayor Schmitz
had not requested him to remain on the
committee until the new administration
was inaugurated.
Parry laughs at the report that the
following provision of the charter renders
him ineligible for the office of Fire Com
missioner: :¦*¦;•
No person shall be appointed a Fire Com
missioner who shall not have been an elector of
the city and counts' for at least five years next
preceding his appointment.
Speaking on this topic last evening
Parr> r remarked: . ; ,
I have lived in San Francisco for twenty
years. I registered and voted in the Forty
third District seven or eight years ago when
l>on Dennery ran for the Assembly." I sup
ported Dennery at the request of Senator Ala
honey.
Crixamins Is Reviled.
In response to questions concerning his
early life. Parry said thathis people lived
at Albion. Monroe County. Iowa. He left
Oskaloosa, Iowa, twenty-four years ago
and went to Arizona. He came to Cali
fornia from Arizona. He said the list of
registered voters and the Directory prior
to 1S36 each gave his name, residence
and occupation. Parry asserts that he
has not absented himself from the- city,
barring a two weeks' trip East, since he
arrived here.
There is a very bitter feeling in the
Burns camp against Crlmmins. The story
groes that the colonel's friends were
shamefully duped and betrayed by the
ex-partner of Martin Kelly. The dupes,
however, get no sympathy from Kelly.
The boss of the Twenty-eighth District
gives Lynch and the others the "ha ha"
for trusting Crimmins. The story, as
given to The Call, is to the effect that an
agreement was made that the "organiza
tion" should have the patronage, and
that John C. Lynch, representing Burns,
and Phil Crlmmins. representing some
other faction, should make out the list
<*f aEP o iate£s in. -the departments con
trolled by Republicans. Last Tuesday
night the list was finished and Lynch
five the Burns* workers assurance that
their names were on the accepted rolL
Now It is claimed that Crimmins fur
nished the Sheriff and County Clerk with
a list differing from that to which .was
agreed to by Lynch. •• •• ¦"
It is hard to get the exact truth re
garding the affair. The workers who have
been betrayed and sold out revile Crim
mins in one sentence and curse Lynch in
another. All of the workers, the ins and
outs, are of one mind regarding Crim
mins. They assert that this is his politi
cal finish. It is common talk that Crim
mins' expenses, incident to his manner of
life, are considerable, and that the newly
appointed deputies and clerks will be ex
pected to "pungle up" a certain percent
age of their salaries to put him at his
ease financially.
General surprise would not be caused if
the new Grand Jury should call in every
one of the newly appointed, to ascertain
If there had been any sort of understand
ing, direct, indirect or by any form or
Eugr^estion. that they should pay part of
their ealarlss or contribute money from
other sources to liquidate campaign obli
gations.- ' ¦
Fairy Takes His Seat.
J. S. Parry, whom Mayor Schmitz ap
pointed a Fire Commissioner, took his
seat at a meeting of the board yesterday
afternoon. The new Commissioner was
Introduced *:o his colleagues by J. C. Mc-
Klnstrj', whose terra had expired. After
Parry had been formally conducted to his
seat the board proceeded to reorganize.
Rolla .V. Watt was re-elected president
and the following committees were ap
pointed : /
Buildings-M. H. Hechf, staJjles and
horses— J. W. Grady; corporation yard— J.
S. Parry; f supplies and finance— Rolla V.
"U'att.
Commissioner Assumes Office.
The newly appointed member or the
Board of dvll Service Commissioners,
Louis J. Ohnimus, took his seat yesterday
afternoon. The commission met in reg
ular session and elected Mr. Ohnimus
president for the ensuing term. The com
mission yiiiited Mayor Schmitz in a body
after adjourning and paid their respects
to the new chief executive.
Criminins Cheats Associ
ates in Awarding the
Patronage.
Troubles of New Head of
the Municipality
Begin.
Complains to the Mayor
Against Board of
Public Works.
Tenders His Resignation
as a Labor Party
Comitteeman.
PARRY RIDICULES STORY
THAT HE IS INELIGIBLE
FOR FIRE COMMISSIONER
/'¦ ". • ¦''.'¦•¦ - ¦ • \ . '..' ¦¦¦•... : '- . .' 1 . 3 •;
THE SAN FBANCISCOy CALL, FRIDAY, JANUABT 10;
5
THE EMPORIUM. " ; ; >THE EMPOEIUM. ""' '| : ' THE EMPOBICMr ' : | j : THE : EMPOEIUM. I THE . EMPOEI TJM.
K».*»,*»XK ,, ; .. .. .-.:-••¦;' -.'.••¦..•.?¦ ¦*, •*:;;': :-.: *;;;¦¦•¦¦¦•••¦-¦¦.;¦¦. '"¦•¦.'•. - ; -. "<"' r.' v V'V: :." '•¦'.;¦ ;v ,-.;¦•¦', ' *- . • ,. ¦* - : . ' • v. . X
I Have vyou\ seen- our ¦T^i^^igii^//f^ T^fes/^^/r^ma^/? x
i " ~\'^It runs auiomalically— -requires no :Oi>erdto r . Sentence (^ter sentence is flashed 'out as fast as one can read. %
Sf ;:/ Two Great Specials will he Announced in Saturday Papers. j
I Annual ff Clean-up" Sale. ' '¦' -- :^ t o^^^ Annual "Clean-up" Sale '"x
I C&3B*i2dBid&a ' ' in -' "Instead:- (if gP^ CaHforrvl2^L^$cst-^wKS now in; our price q*% ty@i$iS2£8Sa |
2? c- • • r- * • if 'A ¦¦ $ I '5°> our P"ce. Q98#.Cjr . .^ _ >"' Arrvcricald Grajvjdcat Store only .. vOv •--. . . **' *
5. : Fire Uce, Curfairs— If you can use a, 4 and -.-*'.. .*,* ¦-¦-c, ..^ ,. ; , ..,..,-.. ..,-..-,... ,,>r .-.•¦ --.-•'-- - -¦¦- ¦ •-- - - ¦ - - ¦ •¦ - - J ' '¦• • '..• • •- -..- . Remnant* o f VeitfgtgS— la black •*
$ 6 pair lots of Irish- Point, Brussels^ Arabiani ;^ . .• .«.-..> ; ; {'.:,v:?'::;:-, •;;. v .:;.%- •T . ;:; ; ; ; -V>-^ .' ' ' / and colors; 3^ and 1 yard lengths; go on 5
jlf and Battenberg in beautiful,: : stylish (. patterhl :;,;>• ; -'-¦¦,:. .»¦/'» -/:••¦'¦..',:•- .'*. . •'-' , .-^V.--;- .; '. . : ,' ¦ ' .-. ¦ ¦'* sal e , to-day 'at ono-q war tcr Off X
ti $11.50 Curtains ... ". -.'.¦•.¦.'-. ,•'.. $8^25 'v'/^^*jysi^ ; ,f, i; '' ¦ ;i . ¦;.• ; '> ; •'^Kv?'':^^*) ¦• y* 1 ¦ 'i ¦ „ s7 %s '¦ ' -' s*'M'iiU{it K*i£aH-up oale
*» * t QiEStn-Ui&" SsiS ? (^^'^^»^^^^^^X < ' V N^l r <S^t>'^^€K»^P^^S^ 1^^^^^^l^^ lengths in all .width's and corors/'qualities and J
£ • •^¦*»**" . 7^#^- '-.*? , J*_ ¦'' -x '••"''¦ ' " ,'v".;'y. . ' ''-1^ '.' -^'*',".V, * V -'-¦/•*'•. ' ', '¦ ¦".'. '. ¦'¦ ¦'. : -B . . -" * ;'• ¦ i-**'. •- styles; the remnants irom the big sales during X
«£«" • Groskerysnet ; Ihterest:inHKebig:sale;incre^^ The under-priced merchandise seems fairly -the Holidays, « ane.quarter oif J
% House Furnishings* TrtoJrrtelt^way; Thin^ :thatlyou; saw here: y ester da as.;fast 7 e '***'!**!* 5! maaoc y^.r %
a? _. , : ioc. semi-Por- • as;6ne{lin^f:gopds : is -^ 5
5 ¦¦>¦ celain MushBowls, ; ; brpUght f TOTWardi : .-:¦.• "¦; V^i; -,. : ?f. : K - ' J|» g- i
J. /.^9(.4vH H n6W t P c ave c^ ose< * out the balance of several large -Eastern manufacturers' stock, and have also secured some sample lines of ' tnuGGmTi *?¥&££&** X
* j$l^lk\^JP Hot°Platc* Siands > rncrchandiselthat h in dc^ - A* so all of our : ' W>?) -5
Sf <a^L«U*. now .;¦•¦'. > . 14o .. ...'during': the ¦:;.!.« Annual Clean-Up," and .wiU : crcate~'a'fuW.aV : tlie : "prices\we.havc ; marked them.^'.'" . " V i,.^-,, -..„. m -«t.^ . X^>$'*\ 5
S v i ; a^^^/fcy^SyinegSiS; This -is the '.busiest January yef.l ,./ - J . -\\ > .^-^ ' , of. : noveit y neck- ;. S^^i ¦ S
.%'/ A^^, now '. . ..12O . ' ' ~~ '" ' ' J. -'¦¦-•'•¦' - '¦¦> - V.j -.K '¦"'¦¦'. """¦'¦" '-.•• "•'¦ '¦'-¦ ¦¦'¦¦¦ .- ¦ : ¦ -•.--:-•. ¦:-.. -;--'.•-.¦' w'ear^JahnM, Srnrt.< r «
tt ....-; 'toe' Fancy '::"'.-. '."-. *.'-f) ¦¦„''.-"'¦/¦.'.. '-'¦: ; .-. ;.¦.-.''.'. -.-.^ J. ¦.-.¦-..¦• -.':'"j-\ ;~ ':..•.••"" - '¦ ;' ¦.. ' ' and'-'Tie Bow$, ""^^" " Ml ' if
*' SO csate!r e Be fast Dbh« n S dm&S^ ''&8b- ' ' ' Muslin Wear, Etc. ¦ , •--•• , ha«y dose out at , m. x
K 95c DTo^tedP^ce'ain "amps" now'.'. 67c <^^^r > '"Yf fflK^k ' ' £o# /—Assorted lot of fine Lot 6— Assorted lot of new Flannelette Wrappers, lined waists;: all once - .' - "fliW '1
K $i.oo per dozen Dessert Plates, now. . 59© /n^m^M^K^ - medium and heavy all-wool warm sizes; have been $1.25 and $1.50; "clean-up" price ..... 89O 25c values lOO-ZM*i "$
5 $1.25 White Semt-PoKelain Slop PailsV.fiOo ' ! - Jlf^ V^V^&i'^ '^J 30^}^ andm i dlu ™, lcn 8l h ?' £of ; 7— Assorted lot of fine. "Near; SUk", and "Near .Satin" and 50c valoes ....*.. .25O •- Je?2L- *
K > 1. 25 Semi-Porcelain Pitcher and Basin. 89C ' -. ¦"tff.'/T V • Y^^^^- a !^ colon and .. 8 ' rw > 3f t0 4 a ; h^e : ,>^^ Wash Underskirts-^in nearly "all' colon and black; have been $1.25 and values ' SOo ¦'S™8&L £
i ' and Cuff -Boxts, Glove Boxes; Hmd- V [ • .^&^W^' ' clan - n f^ ' '' $ S ' O ° 25c fucked Muslim Drawers, -cut to . : ' . . ." . .- . . . . . 19o t] M° Jr"?-" V/JS S^-CS^fa X
ttl kerchief Boxes, T(ose fBttols, Toilet ." \I /^OrW ! "^ : -" lot 2^ AsS0Itcd lot - of - ncw - and 3 5 c Corset Covers^ mixed lot, cut to . ....... 25O * ' 5U °. £
Botrit, ec, nzo one-half oif ¦yyAmCMilr"^ .-. . . . .50o : x
S - regular /trices.- '-> - ¦;. [ -_/ft I,-/"-" 1 -• X -.. ¦ .:-:Suits; made in the-latest. and best 75< . Lawn Nurse Aproiis, tucked bib and shoulders, cut to] . . . GOC AtMUal " CUan-llt" Sale 5
£ 50c W *-"* ' ' t '-¦ .^^TW^^tylestand^best^grades^of-cloth; b'ackrand all Lace Skirt CHembe, 'cut to ....'".. . . .St.59 , r . m
g Tubs . . Mn Of — : ¦ -¦ W//tuTmi&^i'^™^ $ *^ .-.^ .-;.'.. . . . . . $2 so ,.V finsxrazz x
5 75c Enameled W. -0 '•; //^jkA-\ |2 7 -5o;.^l"n T up 'Vpnce;. ; ..v ,:, ¦. ,$#4.75 $6.60 I^Skirts.-cut to V.: . V .>........... S J.59 ¦ ' ***nGBB&W , $
V SaucePots57c \^\ . M^ ' '7/&£L%$' V (Lot 3^^^^,^ooi iSUrtt Tall | 4 .oo Nainsook Gowns, cutto -; . . ... . .... . .' . We'quote but a few items toexWifv ' Z
«f 3 ce Painted Slop \=S- ' -; 1=1?/ : 7 f $jg&^% ¦ ¦' *« .s. eason s i : bIack ¦'.•»* ' . colors i \regularly jp S .oo; f 2.50 Lace Nainsook Gowns, cut to . .... ...... SI 50 .'. V ? * T • ' • > 'j . . . P '! 7 " «
K jars. .24^ Y^y ?0 '-"""' --W- ¦:¦'.- ' Vdean-up" price . V, .' ¦ .;: ;r. :' .^. S2.9S $i.a 5 Cambric Gowns, cut to ;-... \. .... . . . . 7So thc bl S bargains offered by this de- J
\ Soc-Cocoa Fiber =^ J ¦ V > -K / . ' Lot 4^- A splendidly assorted lot of new^all- J5L50 Cambric Gowns," cutto .-.:.:.. . . . . . . . . $f.1O partment. for the. January Sales :r . X
ti* Door Mats' ........ . . . 36*5 : V ~ ¦ w^ . ..... . 45o German Damask. Table Cloths— 60 inches 5
I ifeMli^ll rgss :s^^ss'Si^* 0^,^^ ;*&¦***,-*¦***.**. •&]«%*&?* :^- o I
V 75c 8-quart Enameled Sauce Pans .. . S6o | 'f'-S 0 and^ x -75; . ; ". cle " 1 - u P". "P«« ... .V; ......^.; .,0^0 ¦ fluccd for gf Cioan-Ufl" Said. Hemstitched Squares— Fine damask; 36x36 X
K I4.00 Smokeless Odorless Oil Heaters, now. g^f g_ A grcat iy assorted lot of velTet, fine filk .'and '.'finest^ French' "jr. 1 50 Colored Sil k' Bonnets^ two stjrlesj , cut to"'*. .'.".:. . &1.OO .inches; good 85c -value, now . •". . . SSo 5
jf . cutto. . ... . .. .;.' . . . . $3*37 Flannel Waists; trimmed, plain 'and [embroidered; ; all 'i this- s;a*on's -best $5.00 this 1 season's' hat of velvet' and chiffon,- cut to :..'. . . $3,09 2 ZX^ ' m^ es i K°94 ,6^yH\k, now . 43 O . X
t£ . ' ¦ /styles and: colors and 5 black;' regularly ' $4. '5.o,"'f 5:0b 'imd" -J6.00; Ji^ioo' Tailor-made Suits, ; ages 10, 12,14, "t- to -.-.-.. $7.5 0 SpachUl Squares— 9x9 inches, in scveralvery J*
JC ¦¦'-¦ j ¦ '¦ ,<<^i tl*>> C 1 r '"clean-up" price .-.•;..-.. . :^ .. .^. :/'.-,.,. ;.. r-V.^^-fO Heavy Covert Jacket, ages'6 to 10 years,'cut to .; .$4.95 pretty patterns; a lot of 400 only, at —^
X Annual Clean-Up bale- .-' '- --.':'•¦--,¦-•-..¦.>.•:-•"....:¦-.¦:¦ ." > ; , - l: -- ¦-, ¦ ¦-,: - .. ; - . ,. --^v ¦¦¦¦.¦,...• :--, ¦- - . . .- .¦¦'.:..-. 7* th«; "clean-up" sale price, each . . 7G- V
ff ¦•' '.. -.-..-- -. • • . -. -• •-. .¦ ~~' •¦¦!- -\r- , ¦ -.¦"". ; ¦¦•-,¦._•• :¦•-¦¦?-.¦¦:<- . j • • . ¦-..--.".-. .j-^ ....--. .-. :,. . ~^ : ¦ Bleached Huct Scarfs — 15x45 inches, stamped £
*. BssSiBSnSSm Afinual "Clean-Up" 'Sale Annual "'.Clean- Up'' '. Sale "Clean- Up" Sak »«»««* of pretty colored flower designs, : j
* - ' .¦*'»**».w<r»MBy . . 1 ..•;. , ¦ . . -. - .¦:,.,;; .; . . •* .. ?.'.;¦.-¦ • i.-, ¦> \ ¦-: ¦•>.,= '.. y% '-< ¦ . .... •* . - -. .- . ... - . . _ ; ... • ¦ ' . • marked fo.r the "clean-up sale, -» x
5 White. Cellfornia Blankets— 71 inches wide, -'";-' '7V» ¦/¦#/»#«- ¦¦ ¦ i : '- : ¦:EmWhm*nBtfm*B+B£*<SS'-- Hf*AAC fi#llll/C each. . 3D X
K 8 lbs weight; yery fine wool; s "clean-up.'.' . t£ ¦" V ¦ ¦ «^ ™. .¦Tf.T?-* '.' ' ' • : %= ."^M"'** f ¦"¦ .•""*: ¦ C? r'.'-; . m -*"-*"^' ', . *""" UI9m , ' '—. ~ : - %
price, pair .. . . . r\-'-.r.y. 66,78 .Only two items quoted ,;in this "ajd;'vbutAey; 12 l-2can^ ; 15c Edgirijs arid Insertions— Dozens of lines of desirab!e. winter and tAnnilOl '"Clean- UP** SlU 5
If Gray Cotton Blankets — Large sire/well made; '.v arc Values that cannot'be" duplicated': in 'town 'Cambric^and Nainsookj in a large assortment '^-¦>' ' * j r l • j j • •
a |i. 25 value; "clean-up" sale priccfiSo to-day.- ....:.> v:.--' ;::V. ,-'. of pretty patterns, new choice goods, added .. all-the-year-around fabrics reduced FBz* 99 91 JO #«? *
Jhe New Sanitary. Ccmfcrter— Australian B^ e , chcd T ur k!sh Towels- Only- 100 'dozen to; the =. "clean-up", sale- at the astonishingly ,. for:immediate clearance. Prices like AT MmMBBBB**B&m. x
% 3d£ S^S^g^SBKaS 'm^^^^^f?0^ :P erya,d.v:. ir V,;.;.^So : fig^^&:&i& r j^ S
I CcSor!^ rned'um ,i«d b« We '^T^fJ^SMM - -nMefc oT entrince. . " *an , pieces of n^, daintily |
5 , wh'te filling; at the remarkably low price, . 6 .» < ¦ _. -.5, . r ,'. " ': ln R s > cmDroidenes, : . 1 rim- „ ¦ , ' • . • ., - patterned flannelettes. Heavy cloth, X
A ¦'•- ¦•' ar u' 77o Huck Towels — Fine bleached, no dressing, 19 m j n(J ./ All-Ovi»r«; ' li. 00 Camel's Hair Plaids. . . . . . G3c • 1 j - • . j u , . - ' X
I each.. . ... . .,,,.,,, .... 77O x3g . a5 . per dozen ,,. , Jfste-^hiff^ind Pla^n N-ts 1-5'AU-Wooi Piiid. : ...... 7 9o "^ " FP \ d ' Iuestri P es > 5
It — ~"~ " up" price, each . . .~ .... . . . . .14o 1 1> '- IS » A-.nirrons ana r'ain * _ ; ? ....... .••'.: *,..'• ' av at .ess than the maker's price, X
5 B3>**~*m 1&*% B h ..' &tone-quarter off regu- $*-?°^<>«** .-f^V ;•>•;• :•;¦••»• peryird.,.,.......;..,. GC $
i B&GOid B&D B-B3, - -. ... lar price,. ' ¦ . 75c «* 85c-W«.t«p;:.:. .. ...50c 31-inch White Shaker Fhnnd-Nowonsah Ij
$ This is only one of the' many good specials for J BSSB MOOrB \AA. r ¦. —— — ' $2.oo-Cravenette . V ... $1.12 per yard ...... ..... . Q O $
-»t Friday, a few of which are mentioned be>w. ¦'-mmmm - » 0%m " ' \'~ ./t / H'l11lnl '" C^f/f/fti-I lh" S/jfo $l.OO'Sllk Striped Challies. .'.:..-. JS9o : '¦ X
I This y is the bestEastem Bacon, the lean Whi skey Sic. Sale AU . Woolskirting8 . : .,..; ; ;25
». breakfast kind, a big value at to-day s spscia! To-day (Friday) only, this very .popular much- . Pg*f*jff£bg*£3*& $1.25 54-inch Golf Skirtings .... .'©So t r *S
V '-price, lb. . . . ....'• • • • 16O in-demand brand of whiskey, the genuine .-^ «V«## *M%»B «^^P» ,-,,- Cashmere Raids' "^'^i^^'l^SSn H B+Z9 IV f* B+ §£* GZ ' ' ' «
Jj* Chirardellis Chocolate— Ground, 1 lb tins, -Jesse Moore AA, per bottle. • • • > 81 0 ; We add^ to'^our "clean-up" sale items 'in' Por- ' ¦¦¦'•-¦¦.'¦ •>••*''." '¦'****. 'T** 1 **?* . *f.*' jr . . %
«f to-day. . . . . . . - ..- ¦ - 2SO p O rt or Sherry— Very old, fine quality wine, tieres the balance of a Philadelphia whole- . '•] ~ — : " — 50-Inch Furniture Tapestry — The 75 c qual- •*
K Beans — Choice new pink Bean?, to-day ... regularly % 1.50 a gallon, marked for Friday saler's stock." This firm v was . retiring -from hJ M iin1 ft Y^I/t/in' Tl4\"- C/»/ ity, only two colorings left, therefore reduced ' {5
* .... .....; ;9 IbS 25C ¦_¦-•:. . '. ;.' . : . : i '•'. . . . K . . $1.05 business on" the Pacific coast and we bought wnnUai.j^jieau-UpCiUie to cleanup, per yard'. . .' . . ". . 45o X
Mawronl, Vermicelli or'$paghetti-a5c boxes Malt Extract— Pabst best to-day, per down .. all the Portieres they had on hand out here . if > m f-g m } m '* m L~~ : ' 24-Inch Silk Plush— The |l.oo quality, but a X
* today fQrs . . /...¦¦."'. . ..$2.25 at a little more than half regu'ar prices. In- Bmt 82 B B1 m\9 $ B small lot of sage gr«n only left, to be closed •*
l Erom.nge.on-A dainty dessert jelly, Sfjd 1^^^^^^ yards Blaclc Pongee, sfunglas, e^ct, ig^|gS^£^& |
g ors, per package. . . . . . 1BO equal to any J3.50 whiskeym the market, _ . ured design, 36-inch skirt lining, special sale - size, each . . ... . . 40O *> 75o "S
X Plum Pudding-Gordon & Dillworth's, to- to : day, per gallon ...... $2.50 _ _^p C fP -^f «»€#•' , pricc> yard . . . 12'Ac {5
J day, . . ,... . 2UO A. B. C. Beer-Bohemian, quarts, Odd Port^d^ 34 -Jnch Moire Skirt Lining-Black, watered Samole, of Uce CurtaTns-A large line b |
«f Scotch Oats— a-lb packages, each . . . tOO ,..:..••••••.•• • • • :' V^fU '*•« tog% * OSES 0*to ¦ effect, medium weight, an extra good value Muslins and Nottinghams, marked ,__ V 1
Black Figs— Choice new fruit, lb ; . . . So Oln— London Club Primrose, to-day, bot.SOo TO at x 5c a yard; "clean-up" talc price .. tic to dean u P , each . ...... 25C -JFRIDAY JANUARY 10, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Uixtn in Cemffitticitleai- to W.B. LEA5E, Kua^tr.
BIA.VAGEU'S OFFICE!. . Telephone Press 204
PIBL1CATIOX OFriCE. . .Market and Third. 8. F.
TeTepbone Pren 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 St<»T«naon St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered fty Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Eiitffle Copies. 5 Cents. j "" ,'-¦ '¦
. Terms by Mall. Including Po«i:asrei ¦
HAILT CALL (Including Sunday), o&» year i .....$«.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), t 1. anthi. ».00
DAILY CALL (includlar Sunday). 1 months 1. 60
DAILY CALX.— By Single Month CSo.
ETJXDAT CALU On* Tear 1.60
WEEKLY CALL, On* Tear.. 1.90
All poctmajster* are authorized to receive
¦abserlptf on*. . . \ _ - . ' ¦
BamnI* copies win bo • forwarded wbea requested. - . '
Kail cabccrlben In orderixjr cnanre of addren should b«
particular to civ* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lorcr» a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAK1.AXD OFFICE. ............ .1118 Broadway
tC GEORGE KUOGVESS.
Ktatftr Tertlgn idnrUtinf . Kuquttt BtriUing; Chicago.
* (Locx Distano* Telephone "Central 2611.")
NSW TORE CORRESPONDENT!
C. C CAXUiTOir .Herald Sanare
__ f ¦
KEW TORK REPRESENTATTVB5 :
WTKPHK3 B. S3HTH... SO Tribune Dull dins
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Breatano. U Union Square;
Uvrxy B1H HotcL
CHTOAOO NEWS STANDS:
Ebansas Eons*: P. O. News Co.; 'Great Ncrtbera Hotel;
Ti ruHjut Booae; ?ndttorrazn Hotel.
<WAJHJHGTO?r O5. C> OFFICE. . . .1408 G St.. 5. W.
MOHTOX E. CRJUVE, Correapond ent.
BBA5CH OFFICES— 627 Montcomery. earner of Clay, open'
«atn t-.» o'clock- SM Hayea. open until »:S) o'clock. 833
McAIl'.ster. open until »:» o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
¦:» o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. C61 Market. .
corner Eliteenth, opea'cntll $ o'clock. 1098 Valencia, open
cntll S o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until t o'clock. NW.
eorner Twenty-second and Kentucky, opea until • o'clock.
BM FDliaor*, opra unttl • p. m. ' m
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO, choiceat Winter
Resort. in the world, offers beat living climate
boating:, bathing, fishing and most '. amuse
ments. E.:s. Babcock/ manager, Coronado Cal'
01 " 6 -; long:now: whether Mayor
ScKmitz , is going to lead th'ej municipal "> orchestra "or
I play second fiddle. i^^^''-' •'
not » think i I >will 1 gb'^tp ' the ' theater*.* is
governed^ by, the '.following: ', "Theiradlcal
signification j will ¦ Is ; purpose,, intention;
; determination ; '. that * of a shall J is obligation.'
'1 '; will rdo'5 means ; I : propose I doing— I \ am
determined K to , do.* ' *I / shall do' means"
: '¦' ¦ : ." - • - - ¦ ¦¦• ' ': - : 'I.--.;-;;
SHALL AND; WILL--A. \. Br ; . C. : . - City.
The correctness 1 of ;the .'expression "I do
•From Boston comes the sad complaint: that the
trees in the common are/dying by reason of neglect,
and as the Transcript of that city says, "Boston
Common belongs to the nation; Boston only holds
it in trust," it looks as if 'we might expect a move to
get the Federal "Government; to appropriate money
to keep the place as a national parkT These Boston
fellows arc very shifty. - - . ~ - - . . ' -''..' ¦
: PENSION— M. H. L., ' Napa; Cal.
divorced- wlf e '.- of , a : United ' States pen
sioner is not i entitled to a , pension 'after
the, death. of her. once husband. It makes
no : difference whether; the divorced wife
marries again or. remains single the.chil
dren of the deceased pensioner are enti
tled - to pension; : if ; the pensioner * was
drawing under. the old law, $12 for, the old
est and $2 for each : other child v if • under
the ; new; law, » and- $2. The same provll
slon has 'been made for, the widows of
soldiers- who ¦,, fought in the Spanish-
American, war as exists for those of the
civil \ war. ' : , ¦
/BETTING ON A FIGHT— HJ C, Pinole,
Cal. If John Hay bet John Ranch that
Joe Laring would be licked, by the Mon
tana Kid on'a certain date and the referee
declares the • fight , a draw, the bet goes
with the decision of the referee, unless it
was specifically : understood . that the out
come shall decide .the bet," and not the de
cision of the referee. .. . • '
I WELL SHAPED BODY— G. A. , S. ; City.
The I proportions, of a '• well formed a body
are: . .The height should '¦ be exactly ! equal
to : the ; distance;, between . the "\tlp* of j the
middle finger, of each hand when the arms
are" fully. : extended:'; Ten times the length
of the hand, T or seven .and one-half .times
the length ; of the , foot, or, five "times the
diameter. of the chest from" one 1 armpit to
. the : other.; should 'also . give ; the height of
the -whole ' body. - The distance < from ' the
junction -^ofi '•'the"; 'thighs ,to' the /ground
1 should be" the ; same" as : from. that point to
the crown , of i the ; head.' ; The knee should
,be precisely '_ between '¦; the sambl point and
the bottom of the heel. ; The distance from
'the elbpwjto the' tip; of the middle finger
should 'be.Jthe'; same 2 as from .the 1 elbow
to" thle'j middle' line of : the breast." From
v the ' < top I of a the f head ( to I the ' level of ", ttto
chin' should, be : the same as f rom , the level
, of jthe TchiH '•¦_ to that \ of /the * armpits ;¦ and
from'- the! heel to ' the i toe.';.
SAN FRANCISCO - BLOCKS— A. S.,
City. : The length of the blocks ' on the
south side of Market street, from First
to Eighth, Is 825 feet each. ..Those on the
north side, are 'of Irregular length. Blocks
running south off. Market street between
First and Eighth' are 550 feet long, and
those running- north off Market street are
275 feet long. ',
THE PALACE HOTEL-J. M. M., City^
The Palace Hotel In San Francisco has a
frontage of 275 feet on Market street by
a depth of 250 feet. It was designed by
J. P. Gaynor, architect, cost $3,500,000,
was commenced In , 1872 and ' was opened
In October, ' 1875. . . .
• ' THE- GATE , OF. TEARS— Subscriber,
City. ; The following quotation ', :.
'•Like some HI destined bark that steers
.'. In silence through the gate of tearsj"
Is from Moore, "Lalla Rookh" (The Fire
Worshipers.) : The gate of tears ¦ (Babel
mandeb) is. the passage from the Persian
Gulf into 'the - Red Sea. { It .is called the
gate'of tears^ by ;the Arabs; from the dan
ger'of the! navigation arid the number of
shipwrecks that have* taken_ place 'there.
The . channel, which j is" 'only '.twenty miles
wide, is very rocky. The, channel is also
noted for being next to the hottest place
known. ' "
I POBLIC LANDS— M., Sulsun, Cal. There
Is " no ' public : land to be : ¦¦ . thrown - open r in
the- southern part of the State to settlers.
Some land will j be open ' to ' settlement In
the Mbdoc country and in ..Southern Ore
gon. ¦•„• Communicate ; with l the land office of
the-' district for information,'- or write to
the general land office at Washington;
d. : c. ••- ;'¦'¦•;•¦; '/¦¦ ¦ ¦- . ,'^.v - : ¦ .
ROBINS— A. S., City. There. is no gen
eral,; law of this State that prohibits the,
shooting of robins. To ascertain if there
Is any county ordinance In this State pro
hibiting the shooting of ¦ such ¦ birds ¦ you
would- have" to communicate • with the
clerk of the Board of Supervisors in each
of the fifty-seven counties. . ' . .¦• -,
"What ia the remedy for poverty?" de
manded the lecturer in thunder tones. He
paused for "a reply^.in'd. during .the, pauso
a man in the rear of the hall called out,
"You might try the gold cure 5**— Detroit
Free-Preas. . /t,
-Gotham— Is that a fact that the Govern
ment'Issued an order to the postal author
ities to spell names ending burgh without
the final h?
Church— Yes, that's a fact.
"Well, It seems too much like aping th©
English; they always drop their h's,. you
know."— Yonkera Statesman. '
"I suppose," said the effusive lady who
was visiting the Meektons, "that your
wife Is sure that she has the best hus
band that ever lived?" '.
"Yes," answered Meekton, with some
thing like a sigh; "but at the same time
I don't believe she thinks that is saying
much fo^ me."— Washington Star.
"Why, don't you make those two tiny
children quit fighting?", exclaimed the
kind-hearted lady."
. "Well, miss," answered the mother of
the Infants, "I done tried, bnt It weren't
no use. You see, I done name one of 'em
'Sampson' an' de yuthuh 'Schley.' And a
white gemman tole me I might as we 1 1
give up. 'Case dar warn' no hope of 'em
ever livin' peaceable."— Washington Pest.
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Ex. " strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Cal. Gtace Fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special. Information supplied dally to
business houses and. public men tav th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Mala 1042. •
Icing or powdered sugar Is reduced tn
the consistency of fine flour by passim? it
through heavy rollers set very close to
gether.
Burnett's VanlUa Extract is the flxad atand
ard-of excellence. Has outlived criticism. Is the
finest/purest vanilla extract that can be bought.
Visitor—Why, what is that terrible
noise? Is the house tumbling down'-
Mrs. Uptodate— Oh. no; that's .* only
Geraldine punching the bag. She"3 get
ting Into training for Ketchum & Skin
em's bargain sale next Friday— Brooklyn
Life. •:. • ~i
"Why, gentlemen," cried the after-din
ner speaker; tragically, "what would this
nation be without the ladles?"
"Stag-nation.' at course," murmured the
cheerful idiot."— judge.
A CHi/WJCE TO SMILE.
The Call yesterday pointed out that • when the State
Board of : Equalization' completed its .work in 1901
tHe Southern Pacific Company's railroad lines in this
State were assessed at $10,500 per mile, and the Cen
tral Pacific Company's lines were assessed at $17,408
per mile. The unfairness of such a low "assessment
of the property is shown by statistics given, in Poor's
Manual. The figures of the manual brought down to
June 30, 1900, show that the total mileage; owned by
the company at that time was 7865 miles, of line.- The
gross earnings for the'.entire system actually owned
by, the company averaged, $8106 66' per mile and^the
net earnings, were $2194 84, even according to the
figures of the The debt, averaged more
than $29,117 per mile, the total capital stock then
being $197,832,148 and the '-bonded debt $31,176,506..
" It , is" well ; known ' that "where j real . estate is " mort
gaged in California the mortgage is assessed Tat its
full value. That is the i burden. placed uponlthe prop!
erty of citizens generally. The Southern; Pacific
Company, however, was permitted' to shirk' by far
the^larger part-of the taxation it- should hav e ; borne
had its property been" 'assessed on the same rule.' The
assessment- of ; last year was only ¦'.'about 'one-fourth
Of all the tax-shirkers in California the Southern •
Pacific Company has been "guilty -of the largest
frauds, and its offenses have been the most flagrant. .
In times past the State. Board of Equalization -.has
done something more than wink at the practices of.
the corporation. The assessments of the value of its
property in the State have been of a kind to generate
suspicion that the board actually, aided and abetted'
the road in shirking taxes and in shifting them upon
others. Such havirfg been the case in the past, it is
worth while to make a strong effort to obtain jus
tice and fair dealing this time.;
WITH the new year there comes the necessity
of giving renewed attention to problems of
taxation. In a. short time assessments' will
be made of the value of property and of the. share
which each citizen will have to bear of the burden of
public expenditures. A certain amount of money is;
required for the maintenance of the city, county and
State. That amount must be forthcoming. If one man
shirk his taxes another must pay them. Therefore
it is to the interest of all that each in proportiori'tp
his means. pay his rightfu,l share of the general taxa
tion. The shirker is to some extent a defrauder of
all., He cheats -' everybody,, and, not infrequently; he
resorts to^perjury | and sometimes ; to ; bribery or
something like it to carry out the fraud. '
TAX-SHIRKLNG CORPORATIONS^
GAUGE AND CALIBER-Hunter, City.
Caliber . and 'gauge . in firearms are 'not
synonymous. A thirty-two" caliber rifle
Is one whose , bore, ia thirty^two - hun
dredths of an inch in diameter. A twelve
gauge shotgun is one of the bore of which"
is just large enough to take a ball weigh
ing, twelve to the.pound. ' : # ' " •_
v - T .hat makes , avbrave showing for ; the ciosing years
of the old century and the first year of the new! We
arej now. starting a year .that -to ; be. more
prosperous: than even the fat years that' have- just
closed. ' -In ¦ California -: the « prospect] is exceptionally
bright: The' fruit crop -was severely diminished" last
¥$¦£$?. the 4 isastrous f r ° s t. s i'of \ the : spring, ; and ' as a
consequence there i s hardly any 'dried - fruit held '¦ over":
Thiecoming^crop/therefore,^^ will have a -good ; market
awaiting.it. -The higH^recprd^of last year',; then/ will
doubtless -beVbroken; by; that; of^the year which now
opens. .-The expansion: of this country is a : long' way
from reaching the ". limit! .a: . . . ; '\Y ; ¦;•',.:-
• These .good •results came as "the^culmination of a
series of good years. A:sumrnary of the compilation
made by^ the Agriculturist : says: 'The cereals
wheat, corn, oats; rye, ; - and "barley— raised*- in the
United States during, the, past five-years represent a*
value ..-to-the;. farmer 'of \ $6,250,060,000^ or an: increase
of nearly $1,000,000,000 over the" preceding five years.
Cotton-growers -have >. netted $400,000,006 moreVfor
the. last five crops than for. the previous five. } Taking
1896 as a, fair basis of values' during the : late agricul
tural depression,, nine staple crops for .'-'this year rep
resent an increase ".. in value of more . than ' $700,000,
000." Livestock .is worth - $1,000,600,000 : more ¦¦••• thah
then: ; During the last ; five years ! agricultural .exports
have bf en $938,000,000 greater , than for \ the' preceding
fiveyears,'a gain of 30 per -cent".' : " : ; c'J 1 -
The wheat crop is estimated ; to have been worth
$150,060,000 more than: that "of ; the previous year, and
the values of -other crops .on'.; which detailed 'esti
mates are not given. arei said to/ be equally. gratifying.
The shortage in com was made-up by j the rise, in
price; apples have been high, and of potatoes it; is said
prices were so high that the short crop probably re
turned mbreVmoney -to .the. growers ,thkh. any other
potato crop on record. Finally,'- it is" said that' the
*SS«S^S^^H farmers represents nearly- $250,000,
000 more, than it did in the' previous year.'^. . '
FACTS and compiled by. the American
Agriculturist' show that the year 1901 ".'takes rank
as the most; prosperous in'history for the Amer
ican farmer. • It ' will' be remembered that; it was a
year of- frosts in the spring and of droughts in the
summer./ Nearly- every section in the Union suf
fered more or, less from one blight or the other; and
nearly every crop : was injuriously affected ~ None'the
less the good -overbalanced the -evil. Where -there
was a short crop there was a : high price, and where
the price was not. higlr the crop was big.' enough to
make up -for it. < .. '; : " V.' v- .-.¦ .-' ¦ ¦ .-. "¦¦; . :¦ .» V- . -
? ¦ • ......-¦ ; . — ¦•. . - - : ¦- .
TOE , YEAR OP PROSPERITY;
TO PLAY CARDS— Novice. City. If
you. desire to learn how to play a num
ber of games of cards you should consult
some professional card player, or go to a
book store and purchase books that will
give you the rules for playing any game
you may ¦wish to learn.
Californians in Washington. ?
WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.— The following
Californians arrived to-day and registered
as follows: At the NaUonal->r. R. Good
all, A. Moncure, California, and W. L,.
Norris of San Mateo. At the St. James—
A. I H. Washburn, Miss Alice. Bruce and
F. % M._ Ashley of Los Angeles. At the
Airlington-^WUllam E. Savage of Los An
geles, Mr. and Mrs. William J. Leet off
California and R. C. Allen of San Diego
At the New Williard— William Curlett of
San Francisco. ' ; •
Mayor Low of New York announces that his ad
ministration is to be one of economy and' publicity.
He purposes to let the people know what the heads
of departments are doing and why they are doing
it. Among other things he will permit taxpayers to
inspect the lists showing" the taxation of all personal
property, so that each man may see exactly what his
neighbor is paying. The programme has been re
ceived with a great deal of applause, but it remains
to be seen how the play will satisfy expectations.
INDIANS-^-E. F., 1 Angels. Camp, Cal. At
the United States Land Office in this city,
it. is Stated that a Digger Indian, or any
other Indian who ' is • a citizen of the
United States,- or who has declared his in
tention to become such, may \ take up a
mineral. claim and hold real estate..
•WEATHER-Subscriber, City.. San
Francisco , is so situated that . along the
water front it'ls liable to a' severe /oiow
from the southeast. At any time there
may come a storm, particularly from the
west, that may do damage. : ' . . " - *
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— The following
Californians are In New York:
. From San Francisco— Miss H. Dlx, at
.the Park Avenue'; A:\Frankel. at the Gil
sey; W. w. Stetthenner, at the Holland;
G.'H..Dill, at the New Amsterdam; F. V.
Braman and wife and W. R. Dailey and
wife, at the Ashland; C. McLau and E
R. Smith, at the Plaza.
From Los Angeles-rC. T, Whitney, at
the Plaza; E. I* HIne. at the Astor; B.
Jay and A. Tate, at- the' Imperial.
From Oakland— J. A. Allen, at the- Park
Avenue. »
Calif oraians in New York. -
JUDGMENT-B; W., City. A judgment
in the State- of [Washington runs for six
years and' may be renewed for six years
at a time indefinitely by commencing an.
action on the judgment. '¦•'•. : ¦ • ' -
DISTANCE OF SHOT— Subscriber, City.
A; rough rule to determine . the carrying
disdance of a gun Is that at its angle of
greatest effect it will- throw, a shot for a
distance of one mile for each inch of its
caliber. - "' : . v •; ' \ --¦
DAKOTA, S.. City. Dakota Is the In
dian for E pluribus unum and means
many in one. It was used by the Indian
specifically, to designate the many tribes
that were under the government of one
chief. •
It is apparent that there is no room for dogmatism
on the subject, and certainly no reason for the great
expectations which are entertained by the thick and
thin municipal socialists. »
Comparing cost of works and price of supply, San
Francisco reports cost at $15,000,000, average- price
per dwelling $20 per year; but Evansville, Ind., with
municipal works costing $500,000, charges $15 per
dwelling, and Cambridge, Mass., also with municipal
water at a cost of $2,563,248, charges $17. A glance
at the supply, cost and water rate of fifty cities in the
United States, all but fourteen- under municipal
ownership, reveals such an infinite variely of results
as to baffle conclusions. Therefore we make no
¦conclusions, but publish such facts as can be had out
of the chaos. To show the confusion of facts we
have San Francisco furnishing 20,000,000 gallons a
day at a rate per dwelling of $20 a year, and. Nash
ville, Tenn., with municipal /'works, furnishing 10,
coo.ooo gallons a day at a rate of $22. -\
The mere fact of public ownership does not purify
water. That must be done by the same means that
private owners have to use. Providence and San
Francisco have the same typhoid rate, one with'mu
nicipal water and the other without Milwaukee- and
Detroit, with municipal water, have a typhoid rate
of 30 per 1000.
The Chicago Chronicle, in calling attention to this
waste, proposes to pi event it, as far as caused by
consumers, by compelling every one to use a meter
and a filter. The latter is necessary on account of
the pollution of the water, which is safe for drinking
only when boiled. .
poorly laid and much of it old and worn out ' The
result is a waste of water. To' this waste is added
that caused by the carelessness of the 1 consumers.
* The total loss to the city from this source is $200,000
annually, this is by no means all the loss and waste"
incident to the. administration of the system But if
It were administered as a private and not a public
matter docs any one imagine that such waste would
go on year after year? The people are the owners
of the property. It is administered by their public
officers. The waste is their loss, as owners. By
calling attention to it an effort may be induced to
effect its correction. But the advocates of .municipal
ownership persistently treat a . reference to it as in
imical to the policy of municipal socialism.
In Chicago the City Engineer has recently sup
plemented the Merchants" Association in an exami
nation of public water administration. He finds in
that city 19,000 miles of water pipes, a large part
tary public bodies, affecting the municipal water
systems of several large cities, which reveal a chaos
of accounts and a waste in administration that -may
have been considered by Mr. Wright and may not,
no one knows.
Our critic calls our attention to the report on this
subject by Mr. Carroll D. Wright, the United
States Labor Commissioner. The value of that re
port is abridged by its statement that its conclusions
are based upon w hat is learned secretly. Since it was
made investigations have been carried on, by volun-
administration of public utilities are kept by' the
same system and with equal publicity. For an ex-'
ample we noted the State commission of Massachu
setts, in charge of the lighting systems of that State,'
and declared that until like commissions are pro
vided elsewhere, over all public utilities, the facts'
upon which to base a public policy will be lacking.' .'
criticize us.
We said, and repeat, that the two systems are not
comparable until public and private accounts in the
THE Oakland Enquirer, one of the. ablest advo
cates of municipal socialism in the country, by
misreading our recent publication oi the facts*
\i i municipal light in Massachusetts, is able to
-v -MUSSEL. SLOUGH— Subscriber, Oak
land, Cal. ; The. trouble between the rail
road-and land owners at Mussel .Slough
occurred in Mav, , 1SS0. •
MUNICIPAL WASTE.
¦'. NOT I IN. THE CALIf-C. W. S., . City.
The article descriptive of the training of
trees into the shape of birds was not pub
lished In The Call.
Most of his early work appeared
anonymously, and Dr. Doyle remembers
the late George Augustus Sala referring
to a story of his that James Payne had
printed In the Cornhill. and saying that,
although the author's name was not at
tached, the practiced novel T reader would
at once recognize the hand of Robert
Louis - Stevenson.
radically, I ought "to do; arid a man Is
supposed to do what he sees he ought to
do. 'I shall do' came to mean. ' I am
about doing — to be,' in " fact, a mere an
nouncement of future action, more or less
remote." According to this the" sentence
ought to be, "I do not think I shall go to
the theater."
Dr. Doyle has written twenty- two nov
els, and he is purposing to issue shortly
a complete edition, leaving out all tha
work he considers immature, which will
reduce the number to fifteen volumes.
He began story writing; when he was 18,
and continued contributing to magazines
of the caliber of Cornhill and Temple
Bar for ten years, working all the time
at his profession of medicine.
The retail price being sixpence, the mar;
gin of profit is sufficient to Induce book
sellers to push the sales. Dr. Doyle id
understood to have examined every speci
fic charge and has been able from various
sources of information ,to gather suffi
cient evidence, in his opinion, to meet
completely each one. Every public man
and every newspaper In the country will
receive a copy, and Dr. Doyle has ar
ranged for a translation in five different
European languages. It is his intention
to send a copy to every deputy, every
statesman and every newspaper on the
Continent. .. -.;
The book— Dr. Doyle* calls It a pamphlet
—will consist of 60,000 words. Neither the
author nor the publishers, Messrs. Smith,
Elder & Co., propose to make any profit.
The Issue will be sold to the trade at the
bare cost of production; that is, about
three halfpence a copy.
| Of course, It has been known that Dr.
Conan Doyle has for some months past
been engaged on a ''revised edition of hl3
"Great Boer War." collecting materials
and writing a categorical . reply to the
charges made both by. foreign and native
pro-Boers' against: British . . soldiers and,
statesmen in connection with the events
in South Africa, but it | has not been
known till now to what use the proceeds
of this big second edition will be put.
'The usual post-Christmas lull has now
fallen on the book world. How complete
It is may be judged by the fact that not.
a single new novel has been sent out for
review, during the week. •
The novels of 1902 are now being writ
ten. ; -.;.
The volume of -book business done dur
ing: Christmas week has been tremen
dous. In fact, . most of the . prominent
book-sellers agree that this Christmas has
been the busiest and best experienced for
many years." The sales of numerous
pocket editions . of standard works have
been particularly large. These hooka
seem to have found a special market as
inexpensiv% but most acceptable Chrlit
mas gifts.
PHILADELPHIA AND LONDON— S..
City. The area of. Philadelphia is 129
square niiles, that of ¦ London, England,
Ui. ,-•.:-"•¦ . . • ... • • ¦ . .. • - r.
George Jesseiu a merchant of Watson
vine, is in the city on a short business
trip and has made his headquarters at
the* Grand. . -,«.-••
E. A. Fischer and S. H. Friedlander left
last evening for the East to secure talent
for their new burlesque show.
R. H. Beamer of the State' Board of
Equalization Is down from Woodland. Ha
Is registered at the Lick.
General N. JP. Chipman la among the
arrivals at: the Occidental. His residence
is at Red Bluff.
State Senator B. L. Langford is at the
LJck.
T. L. Caruthers, an attorney of Uklah,
is at the Lick. c
W. F. Chandler, a mining man, of Selma,
is at the Calirornia.
E - L. Weber, an attorney of Napa, 13
registered at the Grand. ,
F. W. Smith, a cigar dealer of Spokane,
Is resistered at the Palace. .. * :
C. E. Tinkham, a lumber dealer of Red
Bluff, is staying a.t the Grand.
E. H. Scott, a mining man of Callahan,
is at the California with his wife.
Whitney Green and B. , F. Brooks, oil
men of Baker3fleld; are at the Palace.
VOCABULARY— S., City. The vocabu
lary-of an ordinarily Intelligent person is
about 4000 words. '•
ANSWERS JO QUERIES.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
PERSONAL MENTION.
'PHOTOGRAPH OF THE GROUND-BREAKING AT THE SITE OF THE ST. LOUIS WORLD'S FAIR DECEMBER 20.
.1901.;/ A ; WOODEN SHOVEL MADE IN, A SINGLE PIECE, SUPPOSED TO BE 100 YEARS OLD AND FOUND
BURIED IN THE FLAT RIVER LEAD DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN MISSOURI, WAS USED BY DAVID R.
7 FR ANCIS, PRESIDENT OF' THE FAIR. AT THE CEREMONY. WHICH TOOK PLACE- IN THE PRESENCE
-; . OF THE OFFICIALS OF THE EXPOSITION AND A LARGE CROWD.
/"""^ exposition has won 1 the ap- •
L ¦ j • aii'whjq-ihave;, visited it .. Cordial
"^"^/: commendation comes from Northern tourists
as well as from .•Southern, men/ who \would naturally
commend the' enterprise from sectional patriotism if
for' nothing else. '¦It". is 'proving to be something,
more than airattractioh for winter travelers and holi
day seekers. ' It has set ved; to demonstrate the enter
prise of South .Carolina and' her sister States of the'
South; and i to exhibit "the advance that" has been made
by the negroes ', despite thf adverse conditions under
they have had to. work.
The showing made for South Carolina industries
is; remarkable even>in , this epoch when 'the whole
'South is. advancing.^, Statistics gatheredfby. Senator/
McLaurin - show that iriv 1890 there were 2382 i indus
trial establishments; in' ;jthe with a capital \ of.
$29,276,261.*- The number " of '{ employes was 22,784,
and-^ the amount;, paid in .wages was $5,474*739/; - The '
value of the product {of '; these : industries'; was „ about '
$32,000,600, . ;ln ,1900;^he;numb"er of ' industrial estab-;.
lishments in. Souths Carolina was 3762, an increase' of ¦
57 per cent; over. 189b:: -capital invented; was
$67,356,465'' an increase of 130 per.cent.- : The. wage- ".
earners had more '.than- doubled in number since 1800,
'and. the .'.amount paid in wages h'ad risen from'$5,474,
739 to $9.455,900; . , ' "• . _. -¦"; .-. ¦- ; .;•.;:.<; - V;. .; ;.j ,_ '.
Gratifying as; is the showing thus made^ by . [he .•'
manufacturers of the State, the! feature/ of the exhibit
which has attracted .most attention * is^the: showing
made of the work of -colored" men. A" capacious
building was set apart for the negroesfin; order that
they might present 'the. wftble.of .' their varied, indus
tries^ and achievements in a compact form. '. •" The dis
play in the building Rovers the/;ndustrial, mercantile,
professional, ¦ educationai,- social and" religious work^
¦of the race in the" South: -All reports 'agree that the
exhibit is a notably- fine -one -in every- department.
One report speaks with '^particular commendation, of*
the exhibits made by the" negroes -in forestry,' arqhi-'
¦ tecl: i*r e » machinery, scientific apparatus;' bookbinding i
and photography. ,";,'\ ' •/¦ ' ' ." !
Stimulated by the; success of the white people;; in,
establishing and operating manufactures, the negroes *
are; eager to venture ;.upon like enterprises. In an,
address delivered in the negro building , Professor
Miller of the SouthV "Carolina college for colored
students said: "I can locate a cotton factory in tide
water Carolina and operate -it with negro hands and
make more money on the capital invested than has"
been or can be made with white hands in the coun
ties of Anderson, Richland, Chester, Greenville,
Spartanburg," Cherokee, York or Union, and cotton
factories' have always paid in the counties named. I
have studied the ; conditions the .factories;
in Upper Carolina, and know; for'a certainty- that'the
conditions for making money in cotton' factories with
negro labor in Lower Carolina are superior to those
in .Upper Carolina, where white labor .is "employed."
It is i more j than probable J that an ; appeal : of that
kind will find . capitalists wiliing\to' back theL.move
ment for establishing factories with 'negro laborers
Certainly the fact that the orators •of.ihe colored men
are "talking business' instead of. politics and are look-;
ing for the advancement of their race through work
rather than legislation is a significant, feature of the '
time. As expositions go in these . days that . at
Charleston is but "a slight affair, b^it it may' have an
effect of far more value than" many a more preten
tious one: . ; : • . _ .
THE VOHARLESTON -^EXPOSITION.
The^unknown person' who sent Admiral , Schley . a
piano for Christmas : is reputed - to be I an admirer * df
the ; hero, -tut ' he *. may > have been an enemy. ;Ther,e is
no;telling .what^kind of discord a new piano may
make'infa'quiet; family. '' V. ¦'.. =
. Mr. Radcliffe's report put the Panama and Nicar
agua routes forward as the only ones worthy of con
sideration, and of these the" Panama found the most
favor in his judgment. - ;
Congress should understand one thing. ' The coun
try is not prepared to champion one route against
the other. What it wants' is an isthmian canal. If
it be true that the Panama can.be finished' quicker
and cheaper, that is what the people want, for. they
expect that Congress will at this session see to it that
we are to have a canal. ...
. Therefore this Darien route is more likely to re
main/an interesting topographical. feature in the his
.tory of the, canal discussion than to be seriously
considered as a feasible route. • ' ... '
Mr. Radcliffe reported to Congress in 1838 upon
this Darien route by the Atrato that it was entirely
unsuited for a ship canal and much inferior ', to the
other routes'for any sort of communication by rea
son of the great distance between; the two oceans
and want of depth in both rivers and the lack of
harbors at each end. .
The Darien route is now brought forward ' as de
serving of considerationX We do hot know whether'
it has ever been subjected to survey or estimate. :-
According to Humbcldt's report it is lacking in
water, though it has "some interesting features and r
enjoys the distinction 'of haying furnished an ail-i,
water route between the two oceans as early as 1788.:
Humboldt said of it: "This route is by the "rivef.vi
Atrato and a small branch emptying into it higher
up, called the .0uit6, which empties into the main
stream 410 miles from its mouth, ; the . town of
Quidbo .being near their junction. The Quito
approaches very near to the waters of a- small river"
emptying into the Pacific, named the San Juanj. be
tween the sources of which and the Quito' is a small
ravine called De.la Raspadura, through which, it
will not be an uninteresting , fact in the. future his
tory of this subject, a canal communication .be
tween the two oceans has already been made A
monk of great activity, Cure of the village of
Novita, employed his parishioners to dig a small
canal in the ravine' De la Raspadura, by means of
which, when the rains are, abundant, canoes loaded
with cocoa pass from sea to sea. This communica
tion has existed since 1788, though unknown in Eu
rope. This small canal of Raspadura unites on the
coast of two oceans, two points seventy-five leagues
distant from one another." v
In the esrly discussions of the subject 'Panama held
first place and the Nicaragua'route second; and it is
probable that in the judgment of engineers they still
stand in that order. In building any canal the source
of water supply must not be lost sight of, and this
supply is abundant by either route. [¦ '
•Humboldt, who investigated all the routes, said of
Panama: "This, -being the 1 narrowest part of -, the.
isthmus, is the route to which the attention' first -riat-;
urally directs itself.* The shortest distance across, in;
a straight line is less than thirty miles. The*. Chagres'.
River is navigable to within fifteen miles' of the P,4:''
cific Coast." ' '
The Panama route has always found favor with
engineers and investors. Indeed it was- the first
route- to which serious attention was directed. 'More :
thah'a year ago The Call predicted' that it was des
tined to figure very largely and might be the means
of. defeating the machinations of the enemies of an,
isthmian canal, who were juggling the treaties, in
the name and pretense of patriotism:- *>;l; ••
TIfE canal question -in Congress is materially af
fected by,, the offer, to sell the Panama: canal
and convey_all of its privileges and concessions
from 1 the Colombian Government for the sum of $40,
000,000.; At that price it seems a good buy by any
body. V v '• " ./[ *.':'- "-.",*.¦'¦ ¦ • ¦;. ¦ ¦ ".-' /'¦ '"
This. offer, has had _ an obvious effect upon the Sen
ate, and,* despite the. vote in the House," will- no doubt
be a strong 'factor in the decision of the whole sub
ject i ; ' ¦ ¦ hvtv " .; ¦' K '¦ ': ¦ .' ¦¦•¦ : ;: ; :;'. ' : '" ' •
WOODEN SHOVEL, A CENTURY OLD
USED AT WORLD'S FAIR CEREMONY
vvhat the road- is mortgaged; for;;- aiid: only ab9ut
orie-eightji' of 'the* actual value" of- the- property.' -; '!'
. .; Tax-shirking in a small way. will doubtless continue
forever, for it will!; never be 1 possible' to get rid' ¦ of
petty frauds, but gross offenses openly : and: flagrantly
committed we can get .rid of.\ It is' time to put an
end to. thei. tax-shirking of the^Southern Pacific cor
poration. The Board of .Equalization can make -a
fair assessment if it tries, and aresoiute expression
of public ropinion; will probably;- induce it'; to try. .
THE CANALS.
THE S Afo FRANCISCO CALL; FRID A Yj? JAuSf IT AR Y "L », 1 902.
6
AMUSEMENTS. .
Grand Opera-house — "Cavallerta Rnttlcana" and "Com-
edy and Traiedy."
California — "Whose Baby Are Tour*
Tivoll— "Little Red Rldin* Hood."
Central — "Lost In New Tork." ,
Alcaxar^ — "The Wife."
Columbia — "Henry VTTL**
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
crenlne. .' W-
Flscher' s— Vaudeville.
.Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. «"We know our army,", added Herr Rich
ter, "and we know what Chamberlain is
like. But enough of him; we have more
important thincs to attend to."
: to express their personal concur
rence in Chancellor von Bulow' s views on
Chamberlain's Utterance. In behalf of the
Liberal People's party, Herr Richter in
dorsed the Chancellor's rebuke. . He said
the incident served j to demonstrate that
in national questions all Germans are of
one' mind. . .¦ •• .
B— — ERLIN, ' Jan. •«.— During, the
.. course of the debate on- estimates
In . the Reichstag to-day several
members welcomed- the occasion
CHANCELLOR OF GERMAN EM
PIRE AND BRITISH SECRETARY
OF STATE FOR THE COLONIES.
Gregory and Fitzgerald Discharged.
William Gregory, who was arrested
about ten days ago on complaint of James
A. Scully, a bartender, who alleged . that
Gregory had drawn two revolvers on him
in a saloon at 1656 Market street,, ap
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday on
the charge of assault to murder. Scull v
told the Judge that he would not prose"
cute the case and it was dismissed.
John Fitzgerald, a special officer, has
been for several days before. Judge Mo
gan on preliminary hearing on a charge
of assault to murder for shooting Thomas
Conwell, a marine fireman, during the
strike, but yesterday Conwell said he
<Jld not wish to proceed further with tho
case and it was dismissed.
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.— The charge of
gambling against "Patsy" Carroll, who,
with three accomplices, was charged with
having fleeced Lee Stevens of $750 at a
faro game, was to-day dismissed by Po
lice Judge Smith on motion of the Prose
cuting Attorney. Since the raid of the
faro game Stevens has disappeared. Tho
accomplices. Frank Peters, Frank Mc-
Cord and William Warner, each forfeited
$150 bail.
Dismisses Case Against Carroll.
Captain Seymour has received a dis
patch from Superintendent O'Neil of Chi
cago to hold Stickney, alias Fagenbush.
O'Neil said tie would send particulars
Fagenbush swindled a lady in Chicapo
out of $um by his worthless mining stock
deal.
The four defendants were not booked
till yesterday afternoon, and In a short
time Carroll was released on bonds. 'His
sureties were Martin Kelly, who qualified
in $3000. which he has on deposit in tho
Farmers!" Mutual Savings Bank, and Je
rome A. Bassity, saloon-keeper. 1100 Mar
ket street, who qualified on the fixtures,
liquors and other property in his saloon,
which he values at $7000.
A. Miller, the hotel man of Nome, who
lost $1503 at faro, is determined to vigor
ously prosecute Carroll, Lane, Sutton and
Stickney, alias Fagenbush, on the charge
of grand larceny, and has engaged the
services of ex-Judge Ferral to specially
prosecute the case.
Martin Kelly and Jerome Bassity
Give Bonds for "Patsy"
Carroll.
An attempt to have "Patsy" Carroll re
leased oa a writ of habeas corpus failed
yesterday. The matter was brought bo
fore Judge Lawlor. but Attorney W. H.
I* Barnes, representing Carroll, moved
that the writ be dismissed, and it was so
ordered and the prisoner remanded.
Barnes admitted that the police had shown
cause for holding the defendant
FARO SWTJTDLEBS TO BE
VIGOROUSLY PBOSECTJTED
By. turning this rebate Into the Cuban treas
ury the people of that island will take the
responsibility for its expenditure, ana if they
deem it wise to directly aid the growers of
tobacco and 6ugar, they can do so. Now that
Cuba la an Independent nation, I hold the
United Slates have no right to pay either
bounty or rebate to any of the particular in-'
dustrics cf that country.
The cost of producing raw sugars, as com
pared wit* the refined product, is 03 per cent,
or in other words, in $100 worth of refined
sugar $93 of that Is for the raw material and
only $7 for the refining:
I am favorable to the proposition to make
a rebate on the sugrars and tobaccos from
Cuba whether It be 25 or 50 per cent, but In
sist that it shall be turned over to the Cuban
Government to be used by It, and not turned
over to the planters, as • Is being: advocated
by some.
The beet sugar men are not united in
support of Oxnard's plan. The Michigan
and California members of the House
have resolved to oppose all concessions.
Senator Dietrich of Nebraska announces
his opposition to all drawbacks, as well as
to concessions to be paid to the Cuban
planters. Dietrich says he will not oppose
the drawback on Cuban sugar if it Is
paid to the Cuban Government He says:
CALL BUREAU. 1408 G STREET, N.
TV., WASHINGTON, Jan.' 9.— The beet
sugar men have at last come to the con-'
elusion that they cannot .oppose tariff con
cessions to Cuba without precipitating the
annexation . of the Islands to the United
States. Oxnard has agreed with ;. Frank
Pavey, taho represents the Cuban sugar
planters, to advocate a bill granting a
drawback of not exceeding 50 per cent of
the tariff on Cuban sugar for one. year.
The beet sugar men. are not agreed'upon
this proposition, but Oxnard la willing to
accept such legislation for one year as a
means of helping the Cuban planters out
of their deplorable condition. It is a modi
fication of Oxnard' s proposition made ten
days ago I to pay a bounty of one-half a
cent on Cuban sugar. • That . proposition
was so ridiculous that Oxnard could per
suade no one in Congress to father it.
He has now agreed with Pavey to another
proposition,. which will not meet with ap
proval In Congress for the reason It would
involve the Government in almost as dan
gerous an experiment as that of paying a
bounty to foreign producers as a means
of protecting- those at home. ' ' • -
It is simply another effort to check the
movement in favor of reciprocal trade re
lations vrith Cuba. That movement has
become so strong that the Ways and
Means Committee. has been forced to take
recognition of It and get ready to prepare
a bill authorizing the President to grant
a 25 per cent reduction on Cuban sugar
and tobacco when the Cuban Government
is ready to grant reciprocal reductions in
its tariff against American products. The
sentiment in favor of such concessions to
Cuba has grown in the Senate. and House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Favors. Turning Over Any Re
bates Given to Cuban
Government. *
Nebraska Senator Says
Drawback Should Not
Gro to Planters.
DOES NOT FAVOR
A SUGAR BOUNTY
. Roanoke r. Rye.i Honey and '-, Horehound.
It» quality, tells the "story, •>
.PHILADELPHIA. ; Jan. 9.^Charles I CaV
leb '¦» Cresson; ' head ,' of ; a '¦'. wholesale Tdrufr
store In this » city ' and , a '. noted : philan
thropist,i was f found . dead >. to-day In hfs
home, *. at . German town, > having : been ? as
phyxiated by gas ; escaping < from ; a .heater
in his room. -Cresson was 86 years of aira
Philanthropist" Killed by GasC
¦ Next 'Sunday; Mission v Lodge
No. 18 ; of the : Order: of Hermann's 1 . Sons
will give a- comic^German^operai in Mis
sion Turn Vereln < Halle for. the entertai'n
ment of it3 > members , and friends. I* - is
entitled -"Slngvoegelchen," and. is sald'-to
be ' a ¦¦ most brilliant ? composition, f It ' will
be produced! under the direction ' of Hugo
Breitter. >: . -r^:;- , - .. ¦.: : ¦ . ¦¦ ¦.-.°.. ;
Comia; German Opera,
.- BOSTON. 'Jan. 9.— Admitting ; that' his
picture ; was in the? rogues' ' gallery . and
that : f or : a ' period -of years . he : had , been
familiar ; with the "lowest depths of New
.York opium joints," yet '-pleading \for
mercy from the court. Franklin J.- Moses,
or ce Governor • of : South : Carolina, : was
sentenced here to-day to four months', im
prisonment for : the . larceny Tof : an over
coat. •¦ V'MWffiMrtBWfttwWWStta
Former, Governor *, a Confirmed ; Thief .
Chief of Police WVlttman has started* a
crusade agralnst. people who rent: houses
for Immoral * purposes: He' detailed Of
ficer L. . C. • Clark for duty in this „• lino.
Clark yesterday swore to complaints be
fore 'Judge Fritz < charging p. - Mariscano
with renting; houses I at ; 1123 • Dupon street
and 2 Bacon, place for Illegal purposes
Mariscano ; was 'arrested and released on
bail. • ¦-¦,< ,.-:
Crusade Against Immorality.
: Two men r entered! the 'store of Rothen
berg & Co.. 117 t Battery street, shortly be
fore 6 o'clock evening -and
stole a case of -wine. .They wereifollowed
and I one of them, was ¦ captured by "Po
liceman Walsh and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of burglary. He '"save
hisname as John. O'Brien and appeared
before Judge Mogan yesterday.. The case
was continued, till to-morrow.
Stole. a Case of Wine.
the Senate:". 4:>-' r "
*; Secretary of the Territory of Oklahoma
—William Grames, Oklahoma.
I Indian: Agent Sac and Fox Agency, Ok
lahoma—Ross Guffin, Missouri.
Registrar - of - Land ? Offices— Robert C.
Sanborn, at'Minot, N. D. - ;
Receiver ¦ of Public ' Moneys — Isaiah ; T
Montgomery, at "Jackson,
Miss.; Albert E. ' Rose, . North Dakota, -at
St.; Michael, Alaska..' "
War, Artillery— Second lieutenants,. Na
than J. Shelton; at large; Samuel C*
Cardwell, Kentucky. :
PRESIDENT *¦ SENDS LIST
OP NAMES TO : . THE SENATE
William Grames Receives the Nomi
; nation for Secretary of Oklahoma
¦
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
' There is also established a Bureau of
Manufactures and a Bureau of Mines and
Mining; The new department is designed
to promote commerce \ and ¦. gather . and
furnish all Information on commerce and
industries. ..It 'also relieves the other de
partments,: notably the - Treasury, of a
great * amount . of ;.work : now performed
there. . ¦¦¦¦.' "..•'-¦ ' . - .<•
Life Saving Service; Lighthouse Board,
Lighthouse Service, Marine Hospital Serv
ice, Steamboat Inspection Service, Bureau
of Navigation and United States Shipping
Commissioners,; Bureau of Immigration.
Bureau of Statistics, the United States
Coast and Geodetic Survey, the Commis
sioner of Railways, the Census Office, the
Patent Office, the Department of Labor,
Commission of Fish and Fisheries and
the Bureau of Foreign Commerce, now in
the ¦ State Department, to be consolidated
with the Bureau of Statistics. ?ssgfasiiass
Besides providing for an additional mem.
ber, known as Secretary of Commerce, the
bill provides for an assistant secretary
and a complement of officers.' Under the
new department shall be the following
officers and bureaus: .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— The Senate
Committee on Commerce to-day author*
ized a favorable report on Senator- Nel
son's bill for the creation of an executive
department of the government, to be
known as the Department of Commerce.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 9.— Night "Watchman
Davld Palin of the Southern Illinois Na
tional Bank at East St. Louis, 111., re
ported this morning that an attempt was
made last, night to enter the bank and
that he fired through the door and drove
the robbers away. The total loss by the
robbery of the National Stock Yards
Bank Monday is now estimated at $lu.«iuo
by President Knox of the Stock Yards Na
tional Bank.
Night Watchman. Polls Bank Bobbers
Bill Creating New De
partment Is Favorably
Reported.
Mines Shut Down in Spain.
CARTAGENA. Spain. Jan. 9.— In conse
quence of the heavy fall in the price of
ore and the high taxes," many mines in
this district have shut down. The en
forced idleness is almost certain to lead
to disturbances. .
AIMS TO AID
ALL COMMERCE
Favored Grain Handling
Firm % of Kansas City
.Benefited.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 9.— The Inter
state Commerce Commissioners spent six
hours here to-day and examined . seven
witnesses regarding grain rates from
Western points to Atlantic seaboard and
other Eastern destinations. They re
turned to Chicago to-night, after an
nouncing that the investigation would be
resumed in that city January 24, when It
is believed several big railway officials
will be called.
•The expected rush of railroad officials
and grain shippers to-day to confess that
they had made s and received freight re
bates or cut rates did not occur. In fact,
what information was elicited was ob
tained only after persistent questioning
on the' part of the Commissioners. The
most direct admission was that of John
A. Robinson of the firm of Hall & Rob
inson of Kansas City, which controls the
export grain business of the Missouri Pa
cific. • Robinson admitted that W. C.
Stith, freight traffic manager of the Mis
souri Pacific, made him a rate on export
grain to New Orleans of from 3 to 5 cents
per hundred lower than the published ex
port tariff. Other testimony went to show
that Kansas City was made to suffer from
discrimination by the through lines be
cause of an arbitrary rate on grain in ef
fect here. / -¦
Only three/ members of the commission
attended the/ hearing— Judson C. Clements
of Georgia, Charles A. Prouty of Vermont
and James D. Yeomans of Iowa. -•
How Competition Is Destroyed.
W. P. Trickett, head of the Kansas City
Transportation, Bureau, the first- witness,
said the arbitrary proportionate and dif
ferential grain rates as they obtain: on
goods shipped from Kansas City east
place Kansas City at a disadvantage.- He
said that the through grain lines, which
were the Santa Fe, Missouri Pacific arid
Rock Island, each had special -grain rep
resentatives In the person of certain grain
firms and that these flma could afford
to pay a higher rate than other gram
men, as they undoubtedly receive conces
sions from the railroads. Such a system,
he said, had been in vogue since . about
1896, and It had destroyed competition;;
J. A. Robinson of Hall & Robinson,
grain commission merchants; which, firm
Trickett had testified was the represen
tative here of the Missouri Pacific : Rail
road,'declared his firm had never.:re-
ceived money for rebates, or asa; conces
sion from the railroad or. from any other
source, directly or indirectly, during the
past three years. His firm, he said, held
a definite and not an elastic rate with the
Missouri Pacific. , • . ., ••'¦¦.-
Fred Hodse, local representative of
Richardson & Co. of Chicago, was the
next witness.' Trickett had testified that
this ' firm' was the representative of- the
Santa Fe Railroad and Hoose was asked
if this were a fact. He declared he had
no ' knowledge of any ' arrangement by
which his firm had any special advantage
or concession from that railway. He ad
mitted that of- two •: million ¦ bushels ' of
grain handled by his firm in Kansas dur
ing the past year the Santa Fe received
all but 250.000 bushels. 1 But this wa3 sim
ply because the Santa Fe ran through bet
ter grain country..
Forced to Pay Arbitrary Rates.
: H. G. Kaill. assistant - gerferal . freight
agent of the Union Pacific Railway, = the
first witness at the afternoon session, was
accompanied by L. H. Loomis, who repre
sented the railway as attorney. > Kaill wa£
Questioned about the Midland Elevator
AURORA, HL, Jan. 9.— Charles Strauss
burger of Chicago, a student for .he
priesthood, was -the mistaken victim o*
an acid-thrower at the Burlington depot
here last evening. As Straussburger en
tered the door of the depot a man stepped
in front of him and dashed a vial of acid
in his face. The fluid missed his eyes,
but the right cheek and nose were badly
burned. The thrower took a second look
at his- victim, and cried out: "Oh. God;
I've got the wrong man," and fied.
Straussburger was able to return to his
home in Chicago. There is no clew to tha
identity of the thrower.
taken Victim, of a Cowardly
Assault.
Student for the Priesthood tho Mis-
ACID THEOWEB NEARLY
BLINDS THE WSONG MAN
RAILROADS GIVE
SPECIAL RATES
"His offensive speech has brought the
growing irritation between the two coun
tries Into a- dangerous sphere and tha
Kaiser's telegram of some years ago was'
not more disastrous to mutual good re-,
la lions than the studied affront on a Brit
ish statesman who Is trusted by the coun
try and by him in the country itself. Our
attitude of easy tolerance is no longer
compatible with our dignity as a nation.
Even if Von Bulow has been the head of
W.O. Moses,: a Kansas City grain com
mission merchant, and G. L. Brinkman, . a
local miller, ; told; how/ in their belief.
Kansas City was Injured by the arbitrary
rate on grain. -;¦-¦.. ;.".... -..¦-'.. ;. . : - < . -
Douglas GHlam of the Santa'Fe had no
knowledge of any; advantage shown Rich
ardson & Co. ,..,./» .
M. C. Eagley'.of the Santa Fe Railway
said he knew of no private arrangement
between Richardson & Co. and his road
and insisted that his road gave no favors'
He would : not admit that the arbitrary
rate was enforced to maintain through
rates. He admitted, -however, that while
the arbitrary rate, existed from' all Mis
souri River points it was not enforced at
St. Louis, Chicago, Memphis or New Or
leans.. He admitted that there was a gen
eral belief that the Santa Fe makes con
cessions to Richardson & Co.
The Commissioners - Informed Loomis
that he and his witness must assume the
responsibility, and Kaill continued to an
swer questions.- Kaill admitted that his
road paid : to ¦ the elevator a cent and a
quarter per hundred' for all grain unload
ed, but said this 'was for unloading the
cars expedltiously -when cars were in
great demand.lt was the transfer charge,
he said, that they paid to all elevators.
J.E.Seager.. manager of the Midland
Elevator Company,, testified that of eigh
teen million bushels of grain consigned to
Kansas City over . the Union Pacific last
year six million bushels went Into his ele
vator, but denied that that railway favors
this particular, elevator. All of the six
million bushels handled by the elevator
had gone East. :..;' ¦ . • >¦.'¦
Certain Elevators Are Favored
Commissioner Prouty thought this state
ment preposterous, saying that it forced
the consignor to pay the arbitrary rate in
force in Kansas City unnecessarily.
The Commissioners tried to bring out
the fact that the existence of the Midland
Elevator Company was. a subterfuge' to
evade the interstate commerce law and
that Eastern destination was intended
when grain ,was first consigned and that a
lay-over here means the application of
the arbitrary rate of one cent on a hun
dred pounds, which justified the suspicion
that an underhand ,motlve exists.
Allis interposed to say. that such conclu
sions were unfair and to declare that his
road was acting in good faith. He an
nounced that he- felt it his duty to in
struct the witness to refuse to answer fur
ther auestlons until the> matters •. at issue
were judicially determined.
The St. James Gazette concludes with
the expression of belief that the "phar
salcal Impertinence "of the German pres3
is profoundly distasteful to the Kaiser,-
Company of Kansas City, Kan. Grain
consigned to the , Midland Elevator Com
pany, he said, was billed to Kansas City,
Kan., with the right to be shipped on east
into any State and went forward at the
proportionate rate. '•
Disaster Is Predicted.
a republican Ministry, dependent for its
life on fickle popular opinion, there would
have been little excuse for his; gross per
version of -facts and -breach -of interna
tional comity." ¦; -¦ • ¦••;
who is manfully striving to stem the tor
rent which Is bearing his empire toward
tho Niagara of disaster."
"Von Bulow*s words cannot fall to be
hailed throughout Europe as a snub to
Great Britain," says the Pall Mall Ga
zette. . .
The Globe accuses Von ¦ Bulow of "de
liberately pandering to the lowest and
most ill-informed elements of public opin
ion in Germany," and then lectures Em
peror William for "not checking the
stream of foul lies and obscene caricatures
in the German Dress."
Such comments as those quoted, it is
. thought, may further inflame the public,
already angered in . consequence of snubs
administered by Emperor William a few
days ago in the North German Gazette.
This is the mouthpiece of the Govern
ment, and in it a note appeared saying
j that the statement in the English prea3
that the German Emperor has pressed the
"Prince of Wales to attend his birthday
celebration was untrue and explaining
that King Edward had suggested the vis't
and that Emperor William had sent the
invitation. ' :. :-'jv, ¦¦¦; -
Five witnesses were examined during
the forenoon session. They were Division
Superintendent Franklin, Brakeman Bar
num. Engineer Doherty, Fireman Sweeney
of the Norwalk train and A. C. Cohler of
the White Plains local. They all refuse*!
to disclose what had transpired behind
the closed doors.
The Inquest will be begun a week from
to-day if the District Attorney finishes
¦with the ¦witnesses by that time.''
John Wischow, the engineer of the
White Plains local, which ran Into tho
South Norwalk train, was said to be In a
state of almost nervous collapse In prison
to-day.
In New Rochelle, where all but one of
the dead live, business was almost en
tirely suspended to-day. Of those hurt,
twenty-nine lived In New Rochelle, and
numbers of their relatives spent the night
in or near the- hospitals. To-day several
of the bodies of the dead were taken to
New Rochelle.
The District Attorney's Inquiry was held
behind closed doors.
District Attorney Jerome said he wishes
his investigation to be as thorough as pos
sible, and that he would confer with Cor
oner Scholer to that end.
I visited the scene of the wreck at 9:30 last
night I watched the trains passing through.
the tannel. The volumes of amoks from the
locomotives filled the tunnel so that it was im
possible to discern the lights.
My opinion is that If electricity had been
used by the railroad tho accident -would not
have happened.
I will confer with the corporation counsel
regardlr.gr my authority over tunnels exclusive
ly used by railroads. I am not fully satisfied
as to my power In tola matter. As Investiga
tions are being made by the District , Attorney,
the Coroner and the State Commissioner of
Railroads, I thought it best to find out my
authority before I attempted an investigation
of my own.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— Most of those in
jured In yesterday's New York Central
tunnel accident are reported as resting
well to-day. As the District Attorney has
commenced an Investigation to determine
the cause of and responsibility for the
wreck, the railroad officials have definite
ly postponed their Investigation and will
present all the facts In their possession to
the county prosecutor.
Another investigation "will probably be
made by President Cantor of the Borough
of Manhattan. Mr. Cantor said to-day:
The situation in Cuba was discussed
only briefly, as Root remarked that we
were simply trustees there, whereas our
interest in the Philippines was much more
definite and extended, particularly over
the large sweep of public lands. Root
also stated during the hearing that it
was the expectation of the "War Depart
ment to do away with the army trans
port service so that the transportation of
troops thereafter would be carried on by
private concerns. -Some question had been
raised by members of the committee as to
the propriety of an item in the bill of
$1,000,000 for emergency expenses of the
War Department. The Secretary said
the amount was unnecessary and -had
been estimated through oversight, so that
the committee doubtless will omit this
emergency fund from the bill.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.-Secretary Root
gave an Interesting exposition of the con
dition of .affairs In the Philippines, to
gether with the outlook for terminating
military by civil rule, in the course of a
hearing to-day before the House Com
mittee on Military Affairs, in connection
with the army appropriation bill. Tha
meeting was behind closed doors and no
exact statement of Root's remarks was
given out, aithougn the following is un
derstood to embody the more essential
features:
The discussion of the Philippine condi
tions was brought out by a question by
Hay of Virginia as to whether civil gov
ernment could be maintained in the isl
ands without the presence of the army.
In reply Root stated that the army was
necessary as a moral force to maintain
the civil administration now established.
'One of the main causes, he said, why
there had not been more progress in the
Philippines was that the Spooner amend
ment, passed by Congress last year and
restricting the grant of franchises, had
the effect of preventing the investment of
capital and the consequent employment of
labor. | Many people were Idle and many
of these became conspirators simply be
cause they were Idle. The Secretary in
stanced the fact that, although rice was
one of the main products of the Philip
pines, yet about $5,000,000 worth qt rice
had to be Imported last year. In this
and many other branches of Industries
the wheels of industry were not moving,
the people out of employment were en
couraged in viclousness and as a result it
was necessary to keep some 40,000 troops
in the islands. ....
In some provinces a very satisfactory
administration had been set up. But
Root pointed out that even In provinces
where civil government had been a suc
cess there were men conspiring to assist
in the agitation and warfare carried pn
in neighboring provinces. On the whole,
however, the Secretary^ expressed the be
lief that ff Congress enacted the bill pro
posed by Senator Lodge or that of Rep
resentative Cooper of Wisconsin, provid
ing systems of laws for the Philippines,
it would be possible soon thereafter grad
ually to reduce the military establish
ment in the Philippines. He did not be
lieve it would be a rapid or complete ter
mination of military rule, as the condi
tions smong natives were firmly fixed and
it -would take much time to bring about
the new order of affairs. v Root said that
better progress had been made In the last
year than had been expected, and ho ex
pressed the opinion that civilization ulti
mately would be extended to the people
of the islands. To illustrate this point he
said the Philippine people had been in
effect living under a sixteenth century
government and the United States want
ed to give them a twentieth century gov
ernment.
District Attorney Begins
Examination of Rail
road Hands.
Secretary Root Explains
Conditions of Affairs
on tha Islands.
INVESTIGATING
TUNNEL WRECK
ARMY MATTERS
IN PHILIPPINES
THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALL;;| FRIDAY; JA^TTABY 10,; 1902.
Utterances of G^
Secretary Arous^Wrath in Lpndon*
GERMAN STATESMEN CONCUR
IN ROAST OF CHAMBERLAIN
"J LONDON, Jan. 9.— The' stinging rebuke
administered to Chamberlain, the British
Colonial Secretary, by. Chancellor vonBu
low In the Reichstag at Berlin yesterday
for the references In
speech at Edinburgh October 25 last to
the conduct of the German army in"; the
war with France in 1870-71, has caused in
tense and widespread Irritation here and
has markedly Increased the bitterness in
the Anglo-German discord. The St. James
Gazette, which calls. Count von Bulow a
"swaggering Pharisee," says:
Wail of British Press.
7
AMUSEMENTS. |
CjLf 1 HBATR s^Ap
MLAST 3 NIGHTS.
Curtain Rises 8:15.
MATTXEES TO-MOR-
ROW and Sunday.
• Superb Production of Be-
W— f-Hm, la*co and De llllle"»
¦ j Great Masterpiece.
Magnificent Costumes!
Gorgeous Scenery!
¦ ¦ Price*— 15c. 25c. 35c. COo
anfl 75c
I Next MONDAY — The
taBB New Romantic Drama,
For the White Rose
MATINEES TO-MORROW and SUNDAY.
FARSWKT.T. THREE NIGHTS OF
MINNIE SELIGMAN
la a Grand Double Bill of
"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
A. Cams.no' a Dramatization of Alexander Sal-
Tint's Greatest Success, and
••COMEDY AND TRAGEDY,"
Mary Anderson's Favorite Play, by "W. S.
Gilbert. •
Popular Prtoea — 10c. 15c 2Sc. BOc. T6c
Good Orchestra Seats. All Matinees, 25c. .
Next Wsek— "CLAIRE AND THE FORGE-
MASTER."
KVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATTN2E SATURDAY AT 2 SHARPI
LittleT Red
Riding Hood
"BRING THE CHILDREN TO SEE HER."
Monday, January 20th.
"THE: -tVMEJIEIR,. 7 '
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c.
Telephone^ — Bosh 9.
NEW BILL FOR NEW YEAR!
Jacques Inatidi, Girard and Gardner,
Tha Three "Wesrons, Alf Holt, 'ULt.
and Mrs. Gardner Crane, and tHo
Biogzaph. Last time of Jessie
Dale, Picolo's Liliputians and
Bitter's Trained Dogs.
Reservol Eeats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Beats and Opera Chairs, 50c.
Every Night This Week (Except Sunday).
MATINEE SATURDAY.
IVmnTFQITA
ITll/ U J Ed O i\A
a-» JAMES
And an Incomparable Company In
"HENRY VIII."
Next XTeek — Mcdjeska & James In repertoire.
Monday *nd Saturday rights MACBETH
Tue*. Nljrht & Sat. Matinee.. MARY STUAKT
"Wed, & ST1...THE MERCHANT OF VENICE
Thursday Mijht HENRY VIII
SEATS NOW SELLING.
TO-NIGHT* and To-morrow Night.
(MATINEE TO-MORROW).
WHOSE BABY
ARE YOU?
""w^th™"""™^ 1^™™"™ 1 ™™
may vokes. chas. w. bowser
And a Strong Company.
NEXT SUNDAY,
RICHARD GOLDEN
"OLD JED PROUTY."
BEATS READY.
Thorougrhly Heated With Steam.
TO-NTG33T. Sat'day.Q ; O
and Suaday EVgrs. « g\ *T\
Matinee* TO-MOR- I |lk I
ROW s.nd Sunday. I fe B 1 I
. The Fascinating LJ\J kj JL
Melodrama.
The Bi« Production vmT unnT
«£L%r IN NPW
Evenings.. 10c to BOc 111 1 \ JL/ I F
Matin's. .10c. 15c. 25o
Next Monday — An- \T t\ W\
gustin Daly's Fa- Hit il fia
rnouB Drama, ][_ vr JL&JLIl9
"UNDEtt THE GAS-
LJGHT." O O
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, sear Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P- M.
THURSDAYS, SATURDAYS AND
SUNDAYS.
ADMISSION 25e AND COe.
CHUTES AND^OO *&£*%?
Big Vaudeville Show
ELLA BCRT. THE DARING LADY CYCLIST,
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
GRAND PRIZE CAKEWALK.
Telephone lor Seats— Park 23. •
FT9rHP"R'^ CONCERT HOUSE
ridl/nHK & Admission 10c.
The Eorenseas; Uax Etelnle: Mons. D'Aul-
rai»: MUe. Atlantis: Carita; Paloma Quartet:
Vr.lkyra Family; JosepH Lyons, and Hlnrichs'
Orchestra. Reserved Seats. 25c Matinee Sun-
gay. . -
PALACE and I
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, dubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks—
t>as:i the entrance.
American and European plans.
2OTW ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Real Cause of Dandruff and Bald-
ness.
At one time dandruff was attributed to
be the result of a feverish condition of
the scalp, which threw off the dried cuti-
cle in scales.
Professor Unna, Hamburg, Germany,
noted authority on skin diseases, explodes
this theory and says that dandruff is a
germ disease.
This germ is really responsible for the
dandruff and for so many bald head*.
It can be cured if It Is gone about In the
right way. The right way, of course, and
the only way, is to kill the germ.
Newbro's Herpidde does this, and
causes the hair to grow luxuriantly. Just
as nature Intended it' should.
, AMTTSEMZafTS. •
RAGING
jffi&r-T -™^S» Every Week Day—
*» - Rain or Shine. ,
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
1 Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-7>oatB leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to • the
track. J^ast two cars on train ¦ reserved ' fur
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AH trains. via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. . Also all trains via Alameda mole ' con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars ¦ at - Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These ,electrlo
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes. -
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and. Immediately after the laut
race. ¦- ii\JMii«J[»na ijjiii
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy. ¦ and Ugr. ••-/•;
HOW SOCIETY GIRLS OP SAN " THE THIRD BEST COLLECTION OF
FRANCISCO DEVOTE THEIR TIME STAMPS IN THE WORLD OWNED
:*.£¦??. TO CHARITY. IN SAN FRANCISCO.
THE "BOSS BUCKLEY" OF DENVER. "MAKING A WOMAN ATHLETE*
The Story of the Most Remarkable Written Specially for The Sunday Call
Woman Politician* by Sandow, the Strong Man.*
I HOW I GOT, ON THE STAGE IN MORE * WOLFVILLE STORIES— By
CALIFORNIA— -By Madame Modjeska. Aired Henry Lewii
; EIGHT PAGES OF COLOR PRINTING THE SUNDAY CALL IS THE LITE*
THAT ARE PLEASING TO THE RARY SUNDAY PAPER OF THE
eye WSmmmHBMt west. , ,
) '" . ADVERTISEMENTS.
jf!r^0w& BEST FOR THE BOWELS
H^ ij^ZTfc A * A^ CATHARTIC jff^
GUARANTEED CURB for all bowel troubles, appendicitis, biliousness, bad breath, bad
. blood, wind on the stomach, bloated bowels, fool mouth, headache, indigestion, pimples,
pains after eating, liver trouble, sallow complexion and dizxinesa. When your bowels
. don't move regularly yoa are sick. Constipation kills more peoplo than all other diseases
together. It is a starter for tho chronic ailments and long years of suffering that cotaa
afterwards. No matter what ails yoa, start taking CASC ARET3 today, for yon will never
get well and be well all the time until yoa pat yoar bowels right. Take oar advice, start
with Caacarets today under an absolute g-carantee to core or money refunded, fiampl*
and booklet free. . Address Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. 59a 'jV.;: old Press Club rooms on Pine
street The original "Tombstone," a coal
black cat /<of enormous size, perished in
the fire that destroyed that historic haunt
of professional men some years ago.- Ever
rlnce the animal's tragic demise the Press
Club has yearned for another cat. Va
rious members, anxious to restore the
club to its former standing, have from
Lme to time appeared at the cozy rooms
on Ellis street with feline offerings, but
the charter members had held old "Tomb
stone" in such high esteem that they re-
TOMBSTONE II" has joined the
Press Club. The feline is the suc
cessor of the "Tombstone" known
to the Bohemian habitues of the
Successor to the Famous "Tombstone? Becomes a Permanent Guest
of Honor in Quarters oh Ellis Street*
BLACK CAT'S SOBERING INFLUENCE
IS FELT BY PRESS CLUB MEMBERS
Criticizes the English Ministry.
LONDON, Jan. 9.— James Bryce (Lib
eral) member of Parliament for Aber
deen, in the course of a speech to his con
stituents at Aberdeen , to-day, advocated
making: ¦ generous terma with the Boers
He said that he was more concerned for
the country than for the Liberal party
and wou'd welcome any Ministry, however
composed, that would conclude an honor
able peace. Bryce believed the country
was tired of a Ministry which had proved
Itself incapable of keeping peac* or con
ducting a successful war.
DUBLIN, 'Jan. 1 Redmond,'chair
man of the United " Irish League, an
nounced to-day' that William : Redmond
and 7 Joseph Devlin of Belfast will sail for
the United States at the end of the month
to complete the .work of ; organising the
league in America. with accordance with
the decision arrived at by the preliminary
meeting -of the league: yesterday. Red
mond and Devlin will go to' the United
States at the urgent request o£ the Irish.
League ' of "America,- which . Is arranging
their tour in that country.
Irish Leaders Coming to America.
NEW YORK, Jan. . 9.— A very pretty
dinner'and dance were given by Mrs.
George Crocker to-night for her daughter.
Miss Emma Rutherford, at her residence,
1 East Sixty-fourth street. Mrs. Crocker'3
gown .was of embroidered net, over white
satin, while Miss Rutherford wore a gown
of white tulle over white silk, with trim
mings of pale blue . chiffon. The decora
tions throughout were. of orange trees.
After dinner, which was served at small
tables in the general dining-room, there
was a cotillon. Henry S. Lehr leading
with Miss Rutherford. Among those In
vited to the dinner and dance were: Mr.
and Mrs. Oliver H. P. Belmont. Mrs*. Her
man Oelrichs,' Mrs. • Fredrick Nellson,
Mr. and Mrs. James W. Gerad Jr. , Mr3.
Richard -Truin,- Mr. and Mrs.- Pembroke
Jones, Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish : and- Mrs.
Harry Lehr. ' .'
at the Residence on East
Sixty -Fourth Street.
Very Pretty Dinner and Dance Given
3OIS. GEORGE CROCKER
HONORS HER. DAUGHTER
Mrs. Donkersley-Busk was one of the
belles of Laramie. Busk was supposed
to be heir to a large i fortune, and it la
believed his" parents are among the
wealthiest people in England, but the
young man was wild and unruly and his
father sent him to Carbon. Wyo.. and
placed him in charge of a friend. Rich
ard Brackenbury. a ranchman. Busk
figured on hta father taking him back
after his marriage, but it seems that the
joung Englishman was again banished
LARAMIE. Wyo.. Jan. 9.— A dlvore»
was to-day granted to Mrs. Belle £>on
kersley-Busk from George Busk on th©
ground of non-support. When Busk who
Is an English Lord, and Miss Donkersley
were married here about a year ago
there was great excitement, as she is said
to have thrown a rich ranchman over to
marry the young Englishman. Busk took
his bride to England, where they soon
npent what money they had and she then
earned a living for herself on the variety
stage. Busk is now said to be living in
Vancouver, B. C. .'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Former 7 Laramie Belle Is
Freed From a British
Lord.
DIVORCE ENDS
HER ROMANCE
the words of a high official. V,. -' .. .
The administration is : confident that
Russia will carry out her pledge to evac
uate Manchuria as soon as the terms or
evacuation can be arranged with China.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 9.—Charle
magne Tower, -United States Embassador.
to Russia, discussed the fights at 1m ew
chwang between sailors belonging to the
United States gunboat Vlcksburg ana
Russian soldiers at length to-day with.
Count Lamsdorff, the Russian Foreign
Minister. After the conference Embassa
dor Tower said that no open questions
remained in connection with the affair.
Opinion here inclines to charging the re
sponsibility for all the trouble at New
chwang to the failure of the American
Consul there to try to punish the Ameri
can sailors when the first instance of dis
order occurred and Is not inclined to find
fault , with the administrator of New
chwang. , '
First Race— Gold Finder. Limelight, Cour
tier. ' ¦. • ~ ,-.'^:'f-> . , .
Selections for To-Day.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. ».-Crescent City
summary:
First race, five furlongs, sellta*— Carl Kah
ler won. Horseshoe Tobacco second. The Star
of Bethlehem third. Time, 1:00%.
Second race, mile and a sixteenth, lellins—
Frank McConnell won. Admiral Schley see
ond " Zack Pheloa third. Time. 1:49 > C
¦*,!*, ,^. Ta i? e ' 8eve 5 * ur I°n*3. aelWne— Slphoa
T-28% second. Trentham third. Time.
Fourth race, 'six furlongs, handicap— Velma
Time. Y&k"**** 1 8econd - " T °« ©aw third.
_ Fifth race* mile, sellinr— Cast Iron won
Time. l:4^! ea SeCOnd ' Jo * thirtl
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, aelllnr—
Fo^!u1d. ey T;n 1 n e.^I. SOak "«*. St « Cot '
New Orleans Races.
- Second Race— Sol Llchtenatein. Colonial Girt.
Arigato.
Third Race— Bab. The Hoodoo, Nona.
Fourth Race— Commissioner Forster Royal
ty, Quadra.
Fifth Race-Jim Hala, Donblana. Byroa
Rose. >
Sixth Race— Horton. Bragg. "Wyoxnia*.
3102 Marineuse ...111 3059 Alado 107
3084 Bard Burns....ll4 30O.1 Bab 108
3029 Modder ......104 3049 Novia 112
3110 The Hoodoo.. 102 3011 Torsina 112
Idaho Chief II104 3089 Malaise 112
22S1 St. Rica ....104 311S Lost Girl ....112
Fourth Race— One mile, selling; three-year
olds:
3111 Royalty .....113 3113 Larry Wilt ..110
3001 Quadra ......107 .... JIngler Ill
(3023) Autumn TimelO7 3088 Sir Lewis ...110
3103 Com. Forster.ll-i
Fifth Ract — Six furlongs, the Cadmus han
dicap; three-year-olds and upward:
(3086) Byron Ro*3'..113i 2921 J. Boggs ...: 00
3056 Jim Hale 105 309S Dunblane 95
3007 Eonlc ........ 001
Sixth Race — One mile and seventy yards,
selling; three-year-olds and upward: .
3106 Picador ......106 Antolee 106
G095 Sea Lion ....107 3112 Bragg 89
3105 Nellie Forest. 97 3089 Bagdad 104
3106 Horton ......111 145VDoneo 104
3106 Wyoming..... 113 1427 Wolhurst ...-113
3102 Har -ThatcherlO4 3003 The Miller ..101
Pitcher "Rube" Waddell lost his first
game on this coast yesterday, the Nation-'
als defeating tho All-Americas by a score
of 4 to 2 at Recreation Park. •¦!
The game attracted a mere ; handful j of
spectators, as it was generally understood
¦there would be but two games this week
to-morrow and Sunday. Frank Chance,
catcher for the Nationals, failed to ap
pear and "Sandow" Mertes- took- his
place. His opponents were unable .to
Pa e s a sed a batfs! ° n hIm and there were »«
Steinfeldt did the sensational playing
SL/fcL r ay i*i, He . PUt . 0Ut elgrht men and
credited with nine "assists" without an
%?.« He was »n the two double plays.
The- game ended in a peculiar manner
Mercer thought he had called out
on a. double play and walked a Way from
first base. The ; ball was returned t™
?hZ wffr . tafr8ed Mercer out - »»«* to
™ * r S dls £ U8t - A s there were two
™™ £ bases , there was still a chance for
SSJ 8 '™^ although two men were. out.
x jig score • ; j * '
ALL-AMERICAS.
Pickerlns. 1. W^^0^{^^^
Barrett, c. f 3 0 2 0 4 no
M*rcer, ,2b .5 0; 0 0 2 3 «
Jraser, r. f 3 00 0 4 0 0
Davis, lb -.4010 fl 1 1)
rtradley. :3b... "....... 3 0 2 0 0 10
Irwln. 88.. .-.-;; 4 0 0 0 1 2 0
Sullivan, c 2 1 •« OB 01
Waddell. p 4 : 1 10 1 11
Totals -.32 :~8 ~0 27 ~8 ~2
VA/- . - NATIONALS. ¦ ¦
Van IlaUren! c. f..^ B^ 8 0 a f .^
Hulen. 3b....;. 5 1 2 1 2^ 6 1
Mertes. # c...r....... 3 2 1 11 .0 - 0
Lee/r. f..... ..4 0 10 0 ; 0 ' o
Beckley. lb 4- 1 1 1 0 0 0
Steinfeldt., ss... 4 0 2 2 8 '. n 0
McHale. 1. f... 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Kelly. 2b...... ;;? ., 0 10 2^2 1
Schmidt, j p.......... 3 0 0 ,0 11-0
Totals I'..;;-.... ...38 4 9 ~5 27 18. ~2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
All-Americas '. . . . lo ; 0 ' 1 0 ' 0 0 ' 0 ; 0 1-^2
Base hlt«......M 0 1 l 0 1 l 1 : -'a— 8
Nationals .....:.. .0 0 0 1 ,¦ 0 0 0 3 0— 4
Bate hlts......;;l l'O 1 0'0'2 3 1—9
SUMMARY.
Runa responsible for— Waddell 4. Schmidt 2
Two-bBj-e, hit— Davis. First base ¦ on • errors—
n" A I ln i5 r i , cas \ 2 \ Natt °na>s 1- First 5 base - on
called balls — All-Americas 4, Nationals 2 ' Left
on basee—A'.l- Americas 0. Nationals 8. Struck
out—By; Waddell 4. ••-. Hirby pitcher-Sullivan,
IJradley. , Double : Dlays— Steinfeldt ¦ to Hulen;
£% Uy .}° % tn '«Wt to • Beckley. v- Wild t pitch—
fcehmidt.;. Time of 1 erame — 1 hour ! and 45 min
uteB. ; Umtilre— McDonald. , • Official v scorer—
Hajrvcashinan. ; - - ¦¦.¦> ,- . , ¦,:¦
It was decided' to refer questions of or
ganization and membership to committees
before taking action. The committees will
pieet this morning, and those interested
in the project .will assemble at the Parrott
building this afternoon, to listen to the
reports and take whatever steps 1 may
seem advisable in view of existing condi
tions.
The committees are composed- of- the
following^named dealers: Organization—
•E. H. Crippen, E.W.' Adams. George
Faulkner, F. M. Jones. E. F. Mohrig E
J- Thebault and I P. Allen. Credentials-!
W..H. Hogee, M. J. Startzman, J..W. Lea
yitu B. J. Briegel, C. F. Marwedel and
Joseph Holle. .
Lennan. A. Muller. J. Peltier, W. W.
Richards. -.F. Reed. S. Rosenheim.
John F. Siebe, F. C. Sanborn, S. B. Folder
C. F. Stone, Alfred Sutro, H. E. Skinner,'
J. S. Turner, P. J. Tormev, Alexander T.
Vogelsang, C. M. Walker. Charles S.
Wheeler, C. G. Young. W..H. McNaugh
ton. R. A: Smyth; J. X. De'Witt: Lloyd
bpencer. Elton Lambert and W. W
Brackets . ¦'?. ¦¦¦.¦*¦
I. B. Allen told of the work which the
bicyclists have accomplished in this city
and spoke optimistically of what might
easily be done for the State if a combina
tion of bicycle interests could be formed.
E. H. Crippen of Los .Angeles, F."- M.-
Jones of Sacramento. E. J. Thebault of
Oakland, C. F. Marwedel of this city and
others addressed the meeting along ths
same lines. •
Supervisor Bent also promised active as
sistance and congratulated the dealers on
the success which has thus far attended
their efforts in behalf of highway im
provements. .
Mayor fichmitz was present and .was
called upon to address the meeting, both
at its opening and close." He said that he
was heartily in favor of the movement
and in sympathy with the bicycle riders,
who are conducting a campaign for better
roads. He promised that he would assist
the organization by all means in his
power, and that he should attempt to se
cure more privileges for cyclists in Golden
Gate Park. ..-•.- . v.u ¦¦;: •%;
Members of the San Francisco Cycje
Board of Trade and representatives of
bicycle interests in all parts of California
met at the Assembly Hall in' the Parrott
building last night for the purpose of
forming a State organization to control
the sale and repair of bicycles. The sub
ject was considered from all points by the
various speakers, and the consensus of
opinion was that the earlier the dealers
organized the better it would be for the
trade. / . •
President W. D. -Mansfield. John P.
Babeock, W. E. Brooks, H. Battu. T..W.
Brotherion. W. F. Bogart. John Benn, A.
S. Carman, A. L. Coombs. Joseph Blewett
F. E. Daverkosen. A. B. Finch. Judge
John Hunt. R. Isenbruck. J. C. Kierulff,
George Jackson Titus, W. J. Kierulff,
John A. Hosmer, ' Charles H. Kewell,
Jwech Kirk, H- F. Muller. F. P.. Mc-
Alexander Vogelsang spoke of Mr. Bab
cock as the leading salmon culturist of the
coast and said it was a marked compli
ment to California that be should be
selected by British Columbia when the
k! reams of this State produce less salmon
than do those of any other part of the
coast.
Judge John Hunt replied to the toast
"Truthful John.". His words were a
blending of humor and sentiment.
Songs were rendered by W. W. Brackett
Lloyd Spencer and Elton Lambert. Those
present were:
Some months since Mr. Babcock accept
ed the responsible position of Commis
sioner of Fisheries of British Columbia.
He left here upon short notice for the
north and his former associates among
the fly-casters availed of his presence in
this city, on a brief visit, to honor him.
Some of the brightest minds of the bencn
and bar paid graceful, affectionate tribute
to the worth of Mr. Babcock. Judge John
Hunt, Charles S. Wheeler, Alex T. Vogel
sang and John A. Hcsmer were among
those who responded to toasts.
After the banquet the members voted
upon an Important measure. It was de
cided to hold a fly-casting tournament In
August, open to the world. Teams are
expected to enter the competition from
New York, Chicago. Grand Rapids and
other cities. Valuable prizes will, be
onered. The tournament will be held
during the height of the fishing season to
afford visiting anglers an opportunity of
enjoying the famous sport which the
fruckee and ether .streams afford.
Secretary Horace Smyth of the club
could not be present last night, owing to
illness. A. T. Vogelsang proposed a rising
vote embodying regret, sympathy and
hope for the antlcted one. The members
f howed deep concern lor their associate
President W. D. Mansfield, who acted
as toastmaster, proposed the health of
Mr. Eabcock. The latter responded feel
ingly mentioning incidentally that 30,000,-
UW salmon, which are endeavoring to en
ter Fraser River, are annually caught and
canned showing the wide field in which
he will exercise his skili as a lish cult
¦urlst.
Members of San Francisco Fly-Casting
Club entertained John P. Babcock last
night at a complimentary dinner In the
private ¦ dining-room of the California
HoteL
WADELL LOSES
HIS FIRST GAME
CYCLE DEALERS
PLAN TO UNITE
"Tombstone II" arrived at the clubrooms
en Tuesday in a box with slats nailed
"Tombstone H" Arrives in a Box.
tlonal and municipal questions, club func
tions, the pedro game and even the agi
tation for a free benzine fountain in the
medicine room were forgotten. So bitter
became the Quarrel that it was feared
either faction would .walk out in a body
in the event of defeat. '. ¦''..-'
The board of managers at its meeting
lajst week solemnly delegated the cat
question to the bouse committee. Then
the conflict centered around the-commit
tee. When it became known that Chair
man Bonnet favored the advent of
"Tombstone II," while' Carpenter and
Trowbrldge were opposed, there was glee
in the ranks of the "antis." This proved
to be premature. Carpenter was Induced
by the "Catomaniacs," i as they were
derisively dubbed, to take an extended
trip abroad. This left the vote a tie and
the board of managers, after much-argu
ment, ended the deadlock by voting fa
vorably upon the following application for
membership: -.
Name, Tombstone II; occupation, hunter and
trapper: former residence. Niles Canyon: de
gree, honorary; sponsors — C. Horatio Jessen,
John J. Harrison. Thomas . Guise.
ANGLERS HONOR
JOHN P. BABCOCK
fused to permit its memory to be dishon
ored by conferring the title upon an ani
mal of plebeian origin.
Beverai weeks ago, when the board of
managers received a communication set
ling forth that a' member was prepared
to donate a living image of the cat that
had perished, there was excitement in the
Press Club. Old-time members took to
celebrating and legends of the departed
"Tombstone" monopolized the fireplace
chat; but while tbe rejoicing was at Its
height a war cloud arose upon the hori
zon. The Knockers' Club, a sub-organi
zation that draws Its membership largely
from the late additions to the parent or
ganization's roll, saw a chance to make
trouble. Chief Hammer Thrower Phil
Bolger presided at a meeting of the dis
turbers and It was decided that a thor
oughbred cat was not a crying need. This
pronouncement, while receiving scatter
ing support from new members, aroused
bitter resentment in the breasts of the
Fine-street pioneers.
"Cat or No Cat?" the Question.
Then for two weeks there was waged
factional strife that threatened to disrupt
the club. "Cat or no cat?" became a
burning issue. There was vigorous prose
lyting by both sides and for a time na-
across the top. Long before the express
man reached the Ellis-street quarters
the voice of the prisoner could be heard
In indignant protest at his confinement.
\V hen the slats were removed twenty of
San Francisco's prominent professional
men became at once as busy as a poor
family suddenly visited by a rich and
aged relative. Each wanted to' do his
share in extending hospitality to the
stranger. The cat "sized up the bunch"
with a look like that of a prospective Elk
awaiting initiation. Then it beat a cau
tious retreat to the jinksroom stage,
climbed a ladder and sought a place of
safety on the dizzy heights of a rafter,
where he remained until fear gave way
to hunger. .
Since it has got over its first scare
"Tombstone II" takes to club life as a
matinee girl takes to chewing gum. It
has become chummy, keeps late hours
and breakfasts in the afternoon like a
true Bohemian. Even those who opposed
Its advent into the club are relenting and
it -bids fair to become a fixture, . though
its somber appearance has something of
a subduing effect. The managers have
voted a weekly appropriation to provide
for its wants, and it already sports a sil
ver collar. • ,
. •» . c : -<-~. -.:''¦.".'? ¦. - • . v- .':¦'•¦¦'--¦ : ¦ ' '¦ •¦¦'.'
SCENES AND INCIDENTS ATTENDANT UPON THE. ARRIVAL OF; THE LATEST ADDITION TO THE ROLL OF
HONORARY MEMBERS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO PRESS CLUB, AS DEPICTED BY THE COMIC ARTIST
OF THE CALL. . i.'
: Some doubt i3 felt at the Navy Depart
ment . as to '. whether , the instructions : to
Commander , Barry have l been delivered.'
The t telegraph ' station - at ' Newchwang . is
in : control; of -the Russians, and -It is re
ported,that they refuse, to permit'the'de
livery; of ; messages to > any, other- persons
than .:¦; Russian ' officials. The 1 authorities
believes this .reportis -erroneous, but .at
the. same time < have taken- measures • to
get, the instructions to 'their, destination.*.
rj Friction between the American consular
officer and .'American i citizens ¦ at 'New
chwang ¦; and '¦ the ¦ Russian ¦-. authorities has
been ' reported ; to i the -. State ; Department."
Russia Is i in < military .t possession ;: of Man
churia a nd.it -is, the policy, of the United
States to - '.'bear and forbear."- to repeat
: CALI,i BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.,: WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— Further
trouble* between .American' and Russian
sailors .and soldiers at- Newchwang will
be ¦ averted as ¦ the result of instructions
issued by both governments. Count Cas
sini, the ', Russian Embassador, is confi
dent that his Government as well asj.the
United 'States (has ' given v ; orders '¦ under
which'a* recurrence of the brawls will be
impossible. The .Embassador called at
the:', State"- Department to-day". r - Like • the
Secretary, he does not regard the trouble
as ¦ of ; any ; importance, but j at the same
timehe is anxious that there shall be no
repetition..: Secretary Hay ; informed him
that i Secretary : Long had • cabled instruc
tions * to Commander ' Barry, commanding
the Vicksburg, , directing him to take mea
sures I f or,; the suppression ¦: of, all disorder
by , the " men under , his command." . .When
Commander Barry's report is received by
the ; department i< Secretary ; Long will •; de
termine i whether > an ! investigation is ¦ nec
essary, and if so he wilL direct: that it be
made.-:-- 1 ••.¦.-.¦': ?"¦¦ : .-¦-.,••-'¦ •.,-;- .;
Russia and America Take
Steps to Stop" Row in
,' Newcnwang.
BOTH COUNTRIES
ACT PROMPTLY
¦ A- report comes" from Australia that
'Pi" Ruiz, the California rider, won the
big handicap at Sydney on New Year's
day.
Winnie O'Connor rode three and Tom
my Burns two winners yesterday. Winnie
says that Dy next week he will be him
self again; and "what a pace he will set
those other riders."
Unless she meets with some accident, It
looks as if Llzzella would be the one to
beat for the Thornton four-mile stake.
Two miles has only been a gallop for the
Morello mare. '. , " ¦ *'-
Following are the entries for this aft
ernoon's events:
¦ First Race— Six furlongs, selling; four-year
olds and upward:
2980 Mary Nance.. 105 3070 Limelight ...114
2073 Go Out 110 3097 Captivate 102
2500 Eldred 100 3047 B. F. Mason.114
3102 Senator Mattsl 14 3040 Courtier Ill
2697 M'ge Slmpson.112 3047 Gold Finder.. 114
2587. Mrs. C. 105 3080 Osmond 107
'Second Race — Futurity course, selling; three
year-olds:- .
3107 The Weaver. .122 2783 Halmetta ....109
,2873 Arigato 100 3006 Constable ....111
3107 Sol Lichfstn.119 3113 Matin Bell- . .109
.1113 San Lution ..111 2981 Remele Ill
2942 Colonial Girl.. 109 3035 Tyranus . 111
3107 Baltest ......111 3017 Shell Mount. .111
.Third Race — Six furlongs, selling; four-year
olds and upward: . » •
Track Notes.
Old Llzzella, the favorite, won the mile
and a quarter selling event in almost
easy fashion, covering the distance In
2:05%. Ransch, with Dangerous Maid,
tried to steal a march on . his company,
and opened up an immense gap of day
light. O'Connor moved up .- gradually
with the favorite, and, passing the Jlaid
at the head of the stretch, scored without
difficulty from Plohn. The others were
strung out In processional style.
Night .before Bob Smith's horse Mar
shall Neil looked a fit subject to fatten
up' an emaciated bank roll, and in the
betting 'on the final sprint nearly every
body unloaded at 6 to 5. Those who
couldn't get there earlier accepted 9 to
10. When^sent away O'Connor on Rose
cf Hilo jumped out in front, and, leading
from the start, downed the -favorite a
length. Then followed King DelHs, Reina
de Cuba and the ferry-boat. ;
Rubus. the fast Bramble filly from the
stable of Chinn & Forsythe, earned a nose
decision over Huachuca, the even money
favorite, . for the six furlong run for
three-year-olds. Tommy Burns also rode
Rubus, making the pace .from the start.
Mounce made a bungling job of it on
the favorite, bringing him from, the far
rear. Legal Maxim -was third..
Four favorites in Quiet, Huachuca, La
Goleta and Marshall Neil were added to
the beaten list. , Rose of Hilo at 15 to 1
gladdened the hearts of the last-chance
bettors when she came in before Marshall
Neil in the closing number.
Green Morris' great colt, Homestead,
the best three-year-old on the track,
again conceded pounds to a field of ail
aged horses in the Emeryville handicap,
and led them a dog's life. It appeared to
be the consensus of opinion as on the oc
casion of their previous meeting that La
Goleta would beat the three-year-old, and
the Baldwin mare went to the post fa
vorite. "¦ Mounce got in all manner of
pockets and, after squeezing through be
tween the inner rail and The Pride In the
stretch, dropped the first choice down
third. -O'Connor dodged all ticklish spots
with Homestead,, winning by nearly
three lengths from Rio Shannon, a 12 to
l;shot; in 1:40%. The Pride and Bathos
cut out the running to the stretch, where
both informally retired.
:, A six and a half furlong selling run
opened the sport, with Quiet, a highly
touted one from the stable of Walter Jen
nings, closing favorite, backed from 6 to
3.. The good thing' galloped to the stretch
and then began backing up. Tommy
Burns on the 4 to 1 chance, Snowberry,
did some skillful piloting, winning ridden
out from Larry Wilt, a 12 to 1 shot. Ma
ielio downed King Herald for the show.
tendance, and the big crowd was
not disappointed.) Sombrero, ridden by
Lee Jackson; 'carried off the honors, while
the surprise was furnished by , San Nico
las, the Burns . & Waterhouse maiden.
The black -fellow was looked upon in "the
light of a, Havana filler pitched in with
a choice box of . perf ectos. He, too, de
feated the "Que.eh of Poverty How," and,
after making all the running, wpa led
out only a length /by the Morris colt in
1:39^4. 'The/- betting favored Sombrero "at
odds of 4 to 5, while the admirers of Josie
G, and there were many, got 8 to 5. At
the start the last-named fllly, piloted on
this occasion; by Redfern, who was not
even compelled to have his hair cut to do
the 89 pounds,, broke away a trifle slower
than usual. Soon moved into second po
sition, she held it until well toward the
wire. .The last eighth "Jackson ' astride
Sombrero was busy with hands and feet,
and not until . the paddock had • been
passed did he overhaul and' pass San
Nicolas: Under her strange tutor Josie
lost the place by a neck, -it was plainly
apparent that tne sympathy and dollars
of the major portion of the crowd were
with Josie ¦ G, ' for the applause bestowed
on the .winner seemed to be of a very
mild variety. ¦. ;
THE? meeting. of Sombrero and Jo
sie G in a mile; event -at Oakland
track yesterday attracted . more
than -the average week-day at-
THE- CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
31 IS. FIRST. RACE — Six and a half furlons9: selling; three-year-old*; to flrat. $325.
¦ : — : : ~^Z '. '. ', ~ ~ Bettingr.
Index Horsa and • -Weight. St. %. %.. Str. Ftn. Owner and Jocfcey. °"- a 
3061* Snowbcrry" ......100 T~*5 Vx <»• 3% 1?4 Kaufman & p.. ..Burns 5-2 4
300C Larry Wilt 114 IJ B 1 t> 1 2 h 2 1 T. H.. Stevens. ..Troxler 10 -13
3101 King Herald..... .111 8 41 1 Vi 5h 4h Grosshetm & Co..O Conn 8 10
3101. Rosarie ....100 12 7 V* » 2 6 1 5n P. Howley Jackson 10 15
2017 Quiet 122 4 31- 2 % * Vi Cl Jennings & Co...Ransch 8 -^
o067 • Rubino"!!".'.'.V.V.*.U9 1 1.% 12 7 2 : 72 Summers & Co. .Bullman 3 5
30C5 Esternell ........100 2 2 2 3 1 8 1 81 J .W. Schorr.. J. \Vooda b 15
3101 Claudator Ill 9 » 92 94,95 Elmwood Farm..How S on 20 M
aoi)6 Arthur Ray. . ....122 10 10 10 2 10.3 10 4 Clayton .& Co. ..E. Jones 20 60
3«J5 Matin Bell. 117 11 12 112 112 11 Chinn & Forsythe..Conly 20 40
a002 San Lutlon.-. Ill 5 11 12 12 12 Jamea \yilson. ..McGinn 10 1j
Time— 'i :24- v,, :49- % 1:15- 6tff 1:22. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
E. Kaufman & Co.'s hVf. by Mulberry-Snowbloasom. Burns rode a very clever race on
! winner. Larry Wilt did not have clear sailing throujfh stretch. Marello compelled to go
the overland route. King Herald cut off in stretch. Quiet will be hard to beat next time.
TOO _far_ for RublnO. ' • _-
3114. SECOND RACE — Six furlongs: selling: three-year-olds; to flrat. <32S.
_ _ , _ ___ BettlBf. '
Index Horse and Weight. St. #. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3104 Rubu's 106 ~2 l~n H~Z 1~1 1 na Chinn & Forsythe. Burns 8-2 18-S
(3085) Huachuca .......110 4 5 n 3 1 2 4 2 5 G. W. Baldwin .. Mounce 1 4-5
C092 Legal Maxim 104 3 3b 51 41 35 Jones & Co Buchanan 8 12
HOll Cathello 103 16 6 51 4 3 Clayton & Co. .Fauntlery 10 25
3005 Ishtar 103 5 41 42 3n 55 Burlingame S. F...Birk 4 5
(o043) Bassenzo 105 6 2 % 2 n " 6 t» Jennings & Co CNell 10 15
Time— Yt. :24% : %. :49U: %. 1:14. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Chlnn Se
Korsythe's b. f. by B ramble -Meriden. Burnd on winner outflnlshed Mounce. Huachuca a
Blow beginner and Inclined to bear In. Cathello absent. Ishtar apparently no account aX
present. (
3115. THIRD RACE— One mile; three- year- olda and pp; to first, $325.
I j B«ttln«c.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. J Owner and Jockey. Op. d.
(S073) Sombrero, 3 94 ~ 3~li Z~3 3~5 1 1 G. B. Morris Jackson 4-S 7-1O
3021 San Nicolas, 3... 90 3 In 15 In 2 n Burns & Waterhs..Rnch 5 12
(3104) Josie G. 3 80 4 4 2 2 2« 33 J. S. Oibaon Redfern 8-5 8-5
3003 Sly, a.... 109 2 22 4 4 4 D. M. Hanlon..J. Woods 12 30
Time^ — %, :2t; 14, :48: %; 1^13%: mile, 1:30 \\. Good start. Won all out. Second and third
driving. Winner, G. B. Morns' ch. c. by Star Ruby-La. Toquera. Winner responded when,
asked and was kept busy most of the time. San Nicolas ran a nurprislngly good race.
3116. FOURTH RACE— One mile; Emeryville handicap; three-year-olda and up; flrat. 1500.
. Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
(3098) Homestead, 3 112 3 5~n 4~h 1~1 l 2!a O B Morris... O'Connor tt-2 13-5
3074 Rio Shannon, .5.. 101 8.8 71 82 23 J. Coffey Jackson 8 12
3008 La Goleta. a 109.2 31 62 5^ 32 Baldwin & Co... Monnce 11-5 9-5
30JH Andrisa, 5 102 tt 7 l»i 5 h 4n 41 Jennings & Co..Birkrth 8 . 12
3099 Bathos, 5 100 72h In 2h54 JJ Moran Hoar 15 15
2989 The Pride 6 lltt 4 11 21 Sh 6 2 T. H. Ryan.."..J. Woods 8 VZ
:;0O8 EMgardo, 5 .. 95 1 6 % 8 7 tt 7 10 J. Burrows J. Daly 8 IO
3074 Rosormonde, a... 98 5 4%3h 8, 8 Pueblo Stable Ransch 8 12
3094 IBean Ormonde. 4. 97) * |W. O'B. Macd'gh.Redfrnl 8 12
Time—'/,. :2G: %. :50%: ?4. 1:16; mile, 1:40%. Good start except Beau Ormonde. Won all
out. Second and third driving. Winner. G. B. Morris' b. c. by Candlemas- Sweet Home.
Homestead gave away blocks of weight and ran around his field. Mounce on La Goleta got
into more trouble than O'Hoolihan did at Donnybrook fair. She otherwise would have
been hard to beat. Rio Shannon did a clever stunt. Andrisa has gone back. Bathos and
The Pride wilted. 'Lett.
31J7. .FIFTH RACE — IV, miles; selling; four-year-olds and up: to first. $325.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. Std. %. Str. Flo. J Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
*3001 Llzzella. a 110 3 52 31 12 14 J. Weber O'Connor 8-5 7^5
309t> Plohn. 5 109 4 2^22 34 2 P. Ryan Bullman 8 7-2
(3097) Dang'ous Maid. 5.101 5 1 10 1 8 2 «i 3 5 Burns & Waterhs.Ranah 4 4
30S9 Mission, 5 103 941 44 45 45 James Wilson McGinn 2O «O
30S9 Ulm. 5 103 1 83 63 52 54 Holcomb & Smith. Jaeltsn 1» 15
(3100) El Mldo. 6 109 7 3153 61 tt« J. S Campbell. .. Mounce 8 7
3100 Sylvan Lass, 6. .107 6 7^ 84 74 75 John Kane Prior 12 20
o09» Slddons, 4 110 8 10 96 8S88 T. H Stevens. . .Troxler 10 2«»
3105 Alicia, a ...'. 104 10 8 2 7 2 9 10 9 15 D. Moore Buchanan 10 13
3088 Tam'ny Chief. 4.. 99 2 9 4 10 10 10 F. D. Boas Hoar 15 15
Time— V4. :24; %, :4S%; %. 1:14%; m. 1:40%; l}Jm. 2:05%. Good start. Won easily. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner. J. Weber's b. m. by Morello- Lizzie Dunbar J*o route la
too far for the winner. - Ransch oh Dangerous Maid set too fast a clip. Others outclassed.
3118. SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first $323.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. «£. • Etr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op.' "ex.
3059 Rose of Hllo, 5.M10 3 11 11 13' 11 George Webb... O'Connor 10 ~12
30GS Marshal Neil. 4.. Ill 4 2h 3n'2n2n R. A. Smith... J. Woods «-5 9-10
3057 King Dellis, 5 115 6 6 1 6 1 3. 1 3 1 C. Lind Mounce 7-2 B
2975 Reina de Cuba. 6.110 7 5h 4 % 3 % 4 2 Baldwin & Co.. Ransom 5 a
3087 Katie Walcott. 5.110 2 4%2n41 51 E. Kaufman. .. Buchanan 10 12
3012 Bedner. 4 Ill 8 9% 92 7 1 6h F. W. Doss.... Bullman 6 7
3087 Ulloa, 6 110 9 10 6 10 6 82 7h A. B. Spreckels. Jack^Sn 8 1ft
(3078) Parsifal. 4 108 6 7h 7h 6h 8 2 J. D. ¦ Fitzgerald. ..^Blrk 10
3083 Lost Girl, a 110 1 82 8195 95 E. G. McConnelL.. Burns 8 1%
3084 Chappie, a 112 10 3h 5 1 10 10 10 15 I. Morehouse..J. Mathws 20 4rt
(2542) Hilary. 5 .... 112 11 11 11 11 11 Piedmont Stable. Watbry 30 300
Time— To U, :21%; to %, :45Vi; last %, 1:01%; short %. 1:10%. Good start Won flr-t
three driving. Winner. George Webb's ch. m. by Apache- Jennie ICWinner' summed to
be outclassed. Favorite apparently unable to catch her. King Dellis ran his rari. r»i«,
de. Cuba messed about. Ulloa away poorly. So was Bedner. Scratched— Buck Taylorlia.
Green^ Morris' Great Colt Homestead Beats Another All- Aged Field*
m Winnie O'Connor and Tommy Burns Ride in Rare Form*
SAN NICOLAS WORRIES SOMBRERO,
WHILE JOSIE G FINISHES THIRD
, > MONTE CARLO; ; Jan! V Saritos
pumorit,' the 'aeronaut,: waaVasked > to : day
whether j he '*; entering ¦ % the
aerial rcompetition: at r the St. ?' Louis ' Ex
position::: ;.To > this I question > he - v replied :
.VOf course,^ but as yet I do not' know the
conditions." - ; ¦ : ; :-;.;,;,.•
Will'' Enter the Aerial ¦ Competition.
rVyiENNA, ; Jan; 9.— A riotous anti-British
demonstration ..was" provoked yesterday at
the'towri ofiSaUin Hungary," on *. the oc-"
casion of the presentation' of k Wilson'Bar
lett's play. ,','The Sign of, the Cross.'i The
police s were [ forced i to stop the , play, and
clear the building. , ,The ¦ papers I heartily
approve; of 'the demonstration. " '
Riotous Demonstrations in Hungary.
German Steel-Makers Are Combining.
, BERLIN,' Jan: 9.— The .foremost finan
cialiauthorlty, in Germany, the Frankfur
ter Zeitung, says .the great" steel makers
cf ; the : empire.' are forming ¦ a ' combina
tion to include ; all branches- of: the steel
industry. -The Frankfurter » Zeitung* says
also that German concerns , have received
orders, through- London . for . 25.000 tons , of
splegeleizen; for American acafunt. .
Jan.": 9.— The ,v Senate
Committee : .: on "Territories 'spent "the
greater part of to-day in investigating !the
charges made against M." A. Otero in con
nection'- with, his renomination. as : Gov
ernor of New Mexico.: These charges were
formulated by . ex-Delegate Catron> but
were read by, William. M. Berger of Santa
Fe. .They assert that under Governor
Otero the Republican party in New Mex
ico has become a mere clique and also at
tack the Governor on' his business record.!
After/hearing' all the charges :the com
mittee voted unanimously to recommend
Governor Otero's- confirmation. ¦
Governor Otero Is Exonerated.
COBRIGAN IS DENIED
A TRAINER'S; LICENSE
Horses, the Property of the Master of
Hawthorne, Are No Longer Seen
on Newmarket Heath. ';'.-. ,
LONDON, -Jan. 10. -^Tbe Sportsman says
that : Corrigan, the owner of American
horses, ' has .been refused a license to
train on Newmarket Heath. His horses
are no longer, seen on the heath. r .
This dispatch may explain the sudden
determination of • the Master of Haw
thorne to withdraw from English racing.'
He recently, said , he would return to
England • to dispose of all his horses in
training, and not settle , down there • for
the season, as he had previously an
nounced. ¦ ' • ; - : •¦
¦• LONDON. Jan. 9.— King- Edward : has
entered, in his name several , horses for
the Spring handicap, the (entries for
which ; were announced to-day. '-.' Messrs.
Whitney, Keerie, Croker and other Amer
icans'will be represented in the' leading
events, all," of which -are well '•¦¦ filled.
Sportsmen anticipate - the return I of the
King to ¦ the turf will give ( the sport an
impetus which it' lacked last year.
W. H. Bernhard made a remarkable
score on Tuesday. , He scored seven
"strikes" without a miss. His total was
244. This is the season's record in the
alley in which he bowled.
Two teams made up of members of the
All- Americas and the National \ baseball
will bowl a return match to-'
night 'at the American alleys. The
All-Americas will 'foe made up of Davis,
Fraser, Mercer, Lee, Cantillion and ; Hu
len. The National team will be Steinfeldt
Bernhard. Waddell, Barrett, Pickering
and Sullivan. . ¦
The All-Americas won the last match
by 108 points. •
Baseball Stars as Bowlers.
C'Masoero, Daphne McKinney; XV. J. Irvine,
April Fool; W. O. Bowers' chestnut fllly by
bilver Bee-Sadie Benton; B. Erkenbrecher's
black fllly by McKlnney-Galette Wilkes; W. H.
Lumsden. Idamont and Robin Stanley; Charles
A. Durfee. - Ragsie, Greeko and Jim - Rea ; J.
w.Minturn, Imogen; L. E. Clawson, Keeley;
I. L. Borden. Alta Cresco and Sadie L; J. Gal
legos Jr., Sofia McKinney; La Siesta Ranch,
Moonlight ; • H. M. Ayers, William H. L. ; Wil ¦
11am McCune. Star Mont; E. A. Gammon's
black filly by Stam B-Cleo G; I.:w. Gardner.
Tidal Waver George E. Shaw, Cheechako; Oak
wood Stock; Farm, bay colt by Owyhee-Inex.
bay • fllly .by James Madison-lcuna, roan colt
by. James. Madlson-Steinola. bayfilly by James
Maais-on-Babe Marion, brown filly by McKln
ney-Electway;., Mrs. B.. W. Callendlne Guy
nut; C. K. Book, Daphne-Sidney; C. K. Book's
brown.- fllly.-; by • Zombro-Leonora; P. J. Wil
liams' Monterey Bells; Tuttle Bros.' bay fllly
by Nutwood Winces-Belle Medium, bay fllly
by : Stdm B-Laurel ; G. W. Kingsbury's bay
colt- by Lynmont-Daisy: H. W. Meek's bay
filly by Welcome-Hybla, bay colt by Welcome-
Leonora, bay colt by William Harold-Fenella
and bay filly by Welcome- Edwina; E. B.
Smith's bay colt by Stam B-Swift Bird; Rose
dale Stock Farm's bay colt by St. Whlps-Dalia;
S. W. Locket t, Loe Patchen; Mrs. S. V. Bar
stow.-Star fi;: A. J. Hudson, Strathcona; F.
Wright, Sir Knight; C. A. Owens, Acme;
Thomas Smith's black colt by McKInney-Daisy
S and; bay colt'by-'Mambrino Chief- Alumina;
Alex Brown's bay colt by Arthur ¦ B-Nosegay
and chestnut firty- by Nutwood Wilkes-Wood
flower; Mrs." E." Williams, Matena' Thorne:- L.
H; Todhunter, The Jester;' Palo ¦ Alto Stock
Farm. Alta Vista; Santa Rosa- Stock Farm's
chestnut colt by Sidney Dillon-Silver Eye bay
colt by L. W. Russell-Pacita. bay fllly by Sid
ney Dillon-Pansy, bay filly by Sidney Dillon-
Lilly Stanley and chestnut colt Bounce; Ben
Davis, Dixie S; C. Canneld. Dixie W; Valencia
Stock Farm. Amado; Thomas Charlton & Sons,
Sullivan; George W. Ford's chestnut colt by
Neernut-Florence C;- C. W. Main's bay filt
hy Zombro-Zomllea; W. E. Rourke, Nino Bo
nita; A. O. Gott, Alameda Wilkes; Zahner &
Lamb. Redwood Maid ; John Baker, Freckle
Bird; D. Healey, Thomas Murphy.
The second payments on the following
have been made in the Occident for 1903:
The secretary of' the State Agricultural
Society, announces that third payments
have been : made ; on' the following '; colts
and fillies for the Occident stakes'for 1902.
This-wlll be. the! principal event.to.be de
cidedat the annual State Fair .to be held
:ln; Sacramento- next summer. The com
pleteif list follows: 1 . . : . s .
.'." Juan' Gal'legos.-' Cairlla:"' Thomas Smithy Gen
eral AVashlngton; Alex Brown, .bay mly by
NuEhagak-Wqcdflower and bay colt by Nusha
gak-Nosegay;' R. ir Mulholland. Maggie N; J.
D. Carr, Larkln \V; > Edward Gaylord, Con
flanza; H. M. Ayer, Yera; j W. ' F. Snyder.
Martha Washington; W. H. Lumsden; -Mc-
Pherson; Mrs. S. V.> Barstow, Jubilee; James
W. Mlnturn, lisa; H. E. Burke. Harry B; J;
B. lverson, Ruble and Prince Rio; I. L. Bor
den; La Belle Altamont; Charles Durfee, .Cuate;
Tuttle Brothers," Suoml; J. Boran, Oakland
Maid; H. P. Moore, Etta Wood; Santa Rosa
Stock Farm,' brown colt by L. "W. • Russell-
Blscara, black fllly by L..; W. : Russell-Flora
Allen and chestnut colt by Sidney Dillon-Pansy;
I,. H. Todhunter, Zombowyette; H. Williams,
The Mascot; A. F. Hamilton, Grand Flaneur;
H. . W. Meek, bay fllly I by Welcome-Fenella,
bay filly by Welcome- Ellenor and bay fflly by
Welcome- Edwlna; F. D. McGregor, brown fllly
by Cock ¦Robin-Mabel; F. L. Duncan. Honolulu
Maid; H. \<f. Meek, bay or brown nily by.Wei-
Come-Hybla. -• ''-,'"•
-Third payments Stanford Stake, 1902— J. D.
Carr. :L"arkin.W; Juan Gallegos, Carlta; Alex
Brown, bay colt by Nushagalc-Nosegay and
brown colt 'by. Nushagrak-Woodflower; F. D.
McGregor, bay Hlly by Cock Robin-Mabel; BJ
Trefry, black fllly by Zombro-Dalsy; J. Doran,
Oakland Maid; . William Duncan, Honolulu
Maid;,J. B. lverson. Prince Rio and Ruble; C.
A. Durfee, Cuate; I. L. Borden, La Belle Al
tamont; K, Gaylord, Conflanza; H. M. Ayer,
Yera; L.. H. Todhunter, Zombowyette; H. Wil
liams. The. Mascot; T. W. Barstow, Maud J;
A. G. Gurnett, bay fllly by St. Nicholas-Nellie
Fairmont; Santa" Rosa Stock Farm, Blscara
Russell. Flora, Russell, Lou Russell and Pansy
Dillon; H. E. Burke, Harry B; A. F. Hamil
ton, Grand Flaneur; Mrs. S. V. Barstow, Jubi
lee; H. W. Meek, brown fllly by -Welcome-
Kybla; Tuttle Brothers, Suoml ; H. P. Moore,
Ltta ;v\ood;-W. F. Snyder, Martha • Washing
ton. •'¦•. /. - . . V ¦ ¦¦ ;
Will * Be the Chief Event at
the Annual State >
Big Entry for This Year
and Also for Next .:
OCCIDENT STAKES
ARE ATTRACTIVE
THB^S£-N>tFBAW
LIZELLA LOOMS UP AS A PROMISING THORNTON STAKE CANDIDATE
8TO BAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
BOMBAY, Jan. 9.— TTie Bank of Bombay
has raised its rate of discount from 5 to U
per cent. . _.-.'•> : _
The Secretary of . the : Treasury is hereby
directed to maintain at all times a parity with
gold the lejcal tender silver dollars remaining
outstanding, and to .that end he is hereby
directed ¦ to exchange gold for legal tender
silver dollars ¦ when presented -to ¦ the • Treasury
in the sum of 95 or any multiple thereof; ami
all nrovislons of law for the. use or mainten
ance of the reserve fund in the Treasury relat
ing to United States notes are. in the discre
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, hereby
made applicable ¦ to the exchange of legal ten
der silver dollars. ...
Hill- to-day urged immediate action in
order that the bill might be brought be
fore the Heuse at an early day. This was
opposed by the Democratic members, who
were' against the bill on its merits and
protested against what they alleged to be
undue haste. Shafroth of Colorado sought
to have the vote deferred one week In or
der that Alexander ¦ Delmar, a writer on
economic subjects, might be heard. This
was voted down, as were all other motions
to defer action, and the committee by a
party vote ordered the bill reported.
It authorizes the coinage of subsidiary
silver coin without regard to limit and a3
public necessity may require. The most
important feature of the bill,' for the par
ity of gold and silver dollars, is as fol
lows: . : .-
WASHINGTON, Jan. 0.— The first finan
cial msasure of importance to be reported
to the House is that agreed upon to-day
by/the Committee on .Coinage,- Weights
and Measures, providing for the mainten
ance of the legal tender silver dollar at a
parity -with sold and for the increase of
the subsidiary silver coinage. The meas
ure was introduced * by Representative
Hill of Connecticut. 'It was considered
last year in Congress and atracted wide
spread attention among bankers and
financial authorities.
Democratic Members Oppose
Immediate Action, but .
Are Voted Down.
Financial Measure of Im
. \ ¦ ¦-.¦'¦¦* •
portance Reported to
the House.
Case and a Sheriff Averts & Personal Encounter*
Quarrels Among Attorneys and Witnesses Continue in the Lynching
SILVER ODOLLARS
LEGAL TENDER
FINGERS ARE NEAR TO TRIGGERS
AND ALTURAS LOOKS FOR TRAGEDY
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, FRIDAY,: JANUARY
FRIDAY. JANUARY 10.
Branch TfyaropraphJc Offlce. V. 8. N..' Mer
<"h«.ntB* Eiph«ng», Han Francisco. Cat..
January 9. 1902.
The Tine Ball was dropped one second too
early to-fiay. W. H. STANDLEY,
toccteziuit U. 6. Navy, la Cbar«K
Time Ball.
Fun rise:! 7:26
£un sets 5:09
Moon trti ' 6:17 p. m.
NOTE — la the above exposition of ' the ' tides
the early morning tides are gives In the left
r-aad column and the successive tides of the
cay in tii* order of occurrence as to time; tbe
fourth time column gives the last tide of tn«
cay. except when there are but three tides, as
foraetlmt* occurs. The heights given ar* ia
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the cumber
riven Is subtracted from the dentil civen by tbe
charts. The plane of reference Is the racaa of
tt« lower low waters.
'¦¦ ACAPULCO— Sailed Jan 7— Stmr San Juan,
for Panama. . ••-..• . . - . - - ¦ i
• NANAIMO— Arrived Jan 8— Aus stmr Maria,
hence' Jan 5." ¦• ; v " ;¦ • •
Sailed Jan . 0— Stmr MIneola. for Port Lot
Angeles; Ger. stmr Herodot, for San ; Fran
cisco. ' , ,"•-•" ¦ • " ¦ ';
..:.:; OCEAN STEAMERS..
* NEW YORK — 8ailed -Jan 9— Stmr Cymric,
for Liverpool; stmr I/Aqultalne, ; for Havre. -
'.: Arrived' Jan 9— Stmr Kalserln Maria The
resa, from ." Bremen, Southampton : and Cher
bourg. '. " ¦ ¦ ,. ' . ,: {.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Jan - 8— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse, from Bremen and South
ampton,.- for New Yorlc»aii>Ti i «y'»if»Mnn '^yg^mj
•GIBRALTAR — Sailed Jan 8 — Stmr Colombia,
from Genoa and Naples, for N.£w York. . ;
. QUEENSTOWN— Sailed : Jan - 0— Stmr : Ger
manic, . for New : York; stmr Rhynland, for
Philadelphia; , both from Liverpool.
¦:,.>:'¦¦- .''.I--, <'-}):-Sy-- DISASTER.'^,.''. ¦ '• -".• .'¦ '
- VICTORIA. - B C, Jan \ 9— Indians report a
Ianre schooner oil Cannanah . Point, , upside
Water of Golden Gate ) Park.
. ; City .. Engineer > Gransky '",, filed : a report
yesterday, with the ! Board ; of , Supervisors
relative 'to 1 ; the availability for..- ; drinking
purposes - of J the water in >' Golden ,' Gate
Park. 1 After -explaining how^ the j water
is i pumped v into ; the : park the City \ En
gineer says that water from such a source
is to be looked on -with suspicion, but eo
long as frequent analyses show the water
to be wholesome it may be used for drink
ing purposeajgrtgBfflWjMBHBBJI
hence Jan 8; stmr City of Seattle, from, Skag
way. • • -'¦;.•!" --;-.¦ ---¦-.-¦¦¦¦ i .-
Sailed Jan S— Stmr Chico, for Hayes Land
ins. ¦'- ¦:" ¦: ¦ \ ¦ ¦ ¦ ., : : '¦¦¦¦•
Arrived Jan 0— Stmr City of Topeka, from
Skagway. -¦,/;.¦¦ -¦ • ¦ .- '¦ . ¦ - ¦ . . .
WHATCOM— Sailed Jan 8— Stmr Rainier,
for ' San ' Francisco. • . .. . .
.' PORT -ANGELES— Arrived - Jan- 8— Br ; ship
Robert Duncan, from Weihalwei. . ,
. PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 0— Bark Car
ondelet, hence Dec 25. ¦•
¦ PORT LO8 ANGELES— Arrived Jan 2— Stmr
State of : California, ' from San .; Francisco, - for
San- Diego.:. ;-:¦•¦.: •--..•-• ': ¦„ • -
Sailed ¦ Jan ' 9 — Stmr Santa Rosa, from San
Dleso, -- for • San ~ Francisco. ¦¦- • . *¦> ¦:,
' Y, .'FOREIGN j PORTS. ,
HONGKONG — Arrived Jan 9— Jap stmr Nip
pon ' Maru, hence Deo 11. , Prior to Jan 8 Jap
stmr JClnshlu Maru, from Seattle.
- ¦ • Sailed . Nov 14 — Ger . stmr Elsa, for ¦ Hoiigay
and Portland, : Or. •- Deo 12 — Br stmr Neptune,
for > Qt^con.»«^^|»J^^^w<>av^W'>tfj]Bfc«a i iit^|
VALPARAISO— Sailed ¦ Jan T— Bktn • Willie
R'Hume, for Port Townsend. ¦: -
vj HAIPHONG— Sailed 1 Jan 7— Schr > John D
Tallant. - for Port Townsend. '..-^ ¦ ! - -<
¦• CAPE TOWN — Sailed Jan 8 — Br ship Fannie
Kerr.-'for Newcastle. Aus. ' • < - - . v • i
SHANGHAI — Sailed. Jan' S-^-Br ship Queen
Elizabeth, for: Portland.- Or. ' ;..¦'
¦'. DEAL— Passed . Jan 7— Ger bark ¦ Alster
echwan, from ' Hamburg, " for Honolulu. < ¦¦ ; 3 , .:
¦— GUAYAQUIL— Arrived *'.Deo\»19 — Ger stmr
Ramses, hence Nov 25, - for Hamburg. '.".¦.:¦ •.
r YOKOHAMA— Balled * Jan \7 — Stmr .Victoria,'
for' Tacoma. •;.'.-¦, -V... .¦.-.. : .. ,, . ...
vArrivedsJan!8—Stmr.Peru,;hencft Dec 19. .
¦'• MANILA— Arrived Jan 8— Br atmr Crusader,
f rom ; Orecon. , ¦.< , • . . ¦, • -. ,-• .
t7p!ted States Coast and Geodetic Barrey—
Tlm*« and Heights of High and Low
Watisrs at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
tb« city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both place*.
Son, Moon and Tide.
Notice to Mariners.
WILLAMETTE RIVER. CHANNEL TO
PORTLAND, OREGON.
Notice is hereby given that the Postofflco
Bar buof No. 4. a red, first class spar, on
Postofflce Bar (upper), will be discontinued on
January 7, 1902, and on same date a pile of
the Postoffiee Bar revertment will be painted
black and white and established as a day
mark.
This rotice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoye, Faciflc Coast. 1901, page 60.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAT,
Commtnder, IT. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector
Thursday, January 9.
Stmr Fulton, Levlneon, 4^ days from Port
land. - ¦ .
Etmr Arctic, Erickson, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg. "
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, 14 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Rival, Olsen, 112 hours from South
Bend.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 15 hours from
Mendocino, via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen. 16 hours .from Cas
par. •. . ¦
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. 40 hours from San
Pedro. .
Stmr Binta Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Dleso.
. Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, 28 hours from Monte
rey.
U 8 itmr Kilpatrick, Rodgers, so days from
Manila, 22 days from Nagasaki.
U S etmr Warren, Bameson, 25 days 21
hours from Manila, via Nagasaki 19 days 19
hours. ' .
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 6 hours from
Point Reyea. * "
CLEARED.
Thursday, January 9.
Btmr rtonita, Nopander, San Pedro; Goodali,
Perkins & Co.
Ger Ftmr Nlcarla. Brunst, Tacoma; J D
Epreckels & Bros Co.
Br stmr Santiago, Reid, Valparaiso and way
ports; Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Br chiu Lady "Wentworth, Murchie, Queens
town; Espiniter & Co.
Bark Diamond Head. Petersen, Seattle; Wil
liams, Dimond & Co. /
Schr H C "Wright. Nielsen. Hana; M S
Grinbanra & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, January 0. •
Etmr Geo Loomls, Brideett. Redondo.
Etmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr IVestaort, Erickson. Eureka. -
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, Port Los Ange
les. . • .
Stmr Iiqua. Gunderson. Grays Harbor. .
Btmr National City. Dettmers, Fort Bragg. ¦
Br tXxtt Santiago, Reid. Valparaiso. •
Br chip Ley land Brothers, Bailey, Queens
town. ' " *
Bark Diamond Head, Petersen. Seattle. -
Schr Sophie Christenson. Iiundhaldt. Grays
Harbor. • • ¦•• ¦
SPOKEN. .
Dec 9, lat 17 S. Ion 37 W— Fr bark Marthe
Roux. from Havre, for San. Francisco. '
Jan 4, lat 33 N\ Ion S W— Br ship Stronsa,
from Glusgow, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
" PORT TOWNSEND, Jan » — Br bark . Mary'
A Tr<X>D re;wts the Br bark i Glenmark, from
Chanarel for Fraser River. 21 miles' SW' of
Cape Flattery, with both - anchors and chain
cone, wcJ ting for a chance to set in.
. .TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 9. 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 1 2 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ' :
REDONDO— Sailed Jan 0— Stmr Chas Nel
son, ' for San Francisco. '
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
TJ-e 6t«raroer San Jose, which sailed "Wednes
day for Panama, and way ports, carried mer
chandise for Central America, valued at
SS2.782; Mexico, $1O,GS1; Panama, $000. The
principal exports were as follows:
To Central America — 5648 bbls flour. 16 pkgs
acid. 7 cs ammunition, 7 cs axle grease. 1124
lbs bread, 54 pkgs bottled beer. 7000 lbs beans,
20,601 Ibsi bran, 32 cs canned goods. 14,497 lbs
corn, 40 bbls cocoanut oil. 4610 lbs cyanide
cf potass «m, 4130 gals coal oil, 182 bales cot
ton dome«tics, 248 pkgs dry goods, 896 lbs dried
fruit, 7 tons cokf. 255 tons coal, 54 pkgs drugs
and druggist eundries. 4 pkgrs electrical sup
plies. €5 pkgs fresh fruit, 2y6 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 72 lb« ham, 5<J lbs hops, 300
bales har, 11,815 ft lumber. 1 cs liquors. 13
rkgs leather, COO lbs lard, 8350 lbs mlllstuffs,
:& pkgs machinery. 25 kegs nails. t»3 era onion*.
850 ere potatoes. 11 bdls paper. S42 pkgs paints
and oils. 2 flasks quicksilver, 101, 43S lbs rice,
4<|» lbs raisin?, 50 coils rope, 9530 lbs rosin,
2 cs canned salmon. 1018 lbs epiceg, 17 cs eoap.
]'.:;0 lbs etaipch. £68 lbs soda, 18 pkgs ship
chandlery. 118.751 lb» tallow, 120 Ibs tea, 54
re 1* gals whisky. 3543 gals 46 cs wine, 13.!
ctls wheat. 771 coils wire. 55 kegs staples.
To Mexico— 22.052 lbs tallow, 33.400 lbs sul
phate of copper. 212 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, ;W0 reels wire, 20 kegs staples, It cs
600 gals wine. 13 pkgs paints and oils, 2100 ft
lumber. 3 crs flowing machines, 10 cyls am
monia, 3 1 * pkgs hardware, 3 bales rubber hose,
14 ca stationery and ink. 21 pkgs dry goods,
300 flapVtp quicksilver.' 2 bales cotton domestics.
To Panama — 100 bbls flour.
Cargo by the Panama Steamer.
Miller came into court about 11 j o'clock
and Spencer at once asked the court to in
struct the witness to speak of I Miller as
"Mr. Miller," as Raker had been in jail all
night for calling him "Danny". Miller." The
court commanded both attorneys to call
him "Mr." Miller. • Some words'- passed
The witness stated that when he made
his first : confession at Stewart Hall in
the presence of Simmons, Woodmansee,
Miller and the* grand jurors, he told. them
that the reason he had not before made
his confession before the Grand Jury and
the court was because he was afraid some
of the lynchers or the people from Look
out would kill - him. Miller ' and Wood
mansee told him that he need not be
afraid, as he would be protected by them.
When he (left Stewart Hail -he was pro
tected by an armed guard consisting of
Miller, Woodmansee, Myron Ayres and
Charles Lamburth and was taken on back
streets to the Grand Central Hotel. Sev
eral men i were watching Stewart Hall
while he was there, and the witness was
told that they were trying to get him
either to shoot him or to carry him off to
keep him from making a. confession. '
The court here instructed the attorney
for the defense to -call the witness "Mr.
Hutton,". and not "John," as he did not
deem it proper to address him so famil
iarly. ' Raker then asked the witness if
ho had assumed so much importance dur
ing ¦ the past two or ; three days - that he
wanted to be . called VMr. - Hutton" ? - At
torney Post promptly objected to the wit
ness being. Insulted in that manner. "Coun
sel for the defense seem determined to
bring Miller into this, case, but - Judge
Harrington is using every effort to keep
his name out of the cross-examination.
The eYoss-examination of John Hutton
was continued. He was asked if "Danny"
Miller was his custodian last night. The
witness . stated be . was in possession of
A. L. Smith, who was recently appointed
bailiff of the court. Hutton then was
asked if he did not know that Smith was
an official of the prosecution. He replied
that he did not, and General Post I ob
jected to the question on the ground that
Smith was not such an official. He' stated
that he was brought to the- court by
"Danny" Miller. ' i .
Hutton on the Stand.
plauding- to be- removed from the court
room. General Post did not reply to the
defendant's argument and the motion was
denied. - The courtroom was almost »de
serted and there were but two or three
ladies present. . ,
It is reported late this evening that th<
Grand Jury has : returned indictment;
against Hutton ; and . Morris,' who . hav<
made statements and confessions, anc
they will ' probably be arraigned - anc
charges against them Tht
cross-examination of Hutton will prob
nbly be concluded by. noon to-morrow an<
Claude Morris will be put on the stand.
."¦¦.'> '; v. - .¦¦'..• , «-•*• ' ' '¦¦ - "¦ '.'': •"."¦•¦"-'
¦ . The witness stated that Miller accom
panies him ' from the Courthouse to the
hotel because he is afraid to go alone;
afraid he would be injured by Dave Sny
der and Deloss Brownell, because Snyder
had • told ¦- him personally that • any one
who turned State's . evidence ought to be
shot. .Under cross-examination ? he said
he '. was -afraid of. Attorneys Raker and
Spencer. When asked why he * said he
was " afraid - of . Raker getting angry as
he did last night. This resulted in a row
between Attorneys Post and Raker on ac
count 6T Raker stating that Miller drew
a revolver. Post denied it. Personalities
were flung back and forth until the court
interfered.-' ' N :«¦ ¦
Fearful of Assassins.
The cross-examination of Hutton was
resumed this afternoon. He was asked if
he had read. in an Alturas paper • that
there were rewards to the amount of $2500
offered for the conviction of lynchers.
An objection to the . question : was sus
tained and the court remarked that it was
"a pipe dream of the editor/; The witness
stated that the Rev. Mr. Simmons exam
ined his head a' few days ago and told him
that he was not very bright and that
some time he would be worth considera
ble money. The defense is apparently en
deavoring to show that the witness ex
pects a reward ' and ¦ that Simmons had
some influence in getting Hutton's confes
sion. The prosecution allowed these
questions without objections.
between Spencer and the court relative to
shotgun and cannon barrels they had
looked into during their careers.
Nearly the same line of examination
was gone over as yesterday, the defense
endeavoring to find out by whom the wit
ness was guarded during the time he was
in the hotel. The prosecution did not ob
ject to this line of questioning save ex
pressing a desire to save time and offered
to admit that the witness was under
guard all the time and by whom. The de
fense, however, | would not accept i the of
fer of the prosecution, claiming to have
other facts, to bring out in their cross-ex
amination. : .
A personal encounter was narrowly
averted during the recess at 3 o'clock be
tween Attorney Raker and the District
Attorney of Lassen County. James H.
Boyd and Mrs. . R. L. Nichols started to
go out of the courtroom and were stopped
by Mrs Mary Lorenz, who spoke to them.
Boyd stepped up to her side and said to
General Post: "Here is an eavesdropper."
Raker saw the movement and heard what
was eald and sprang to his feet, exclaim
ing! ' • : ¦ ¦
'•You are a dirty coward to insult a
woman like that." '
Boyd admitted that he said it, but
denied it to be an insult. Raker then
again called him a coward and on the
Sheriff's interference he told the Sheriff
he ought to slap Boyd's face for insult
ing Mrs. Nichols. Some very personal re
marks were made and Sheriff Street or
dered both men to their seats v -:- -
When the session began this. morning
Attorney Spencer moved that the Sheriff
be ordered to search every person in the
courtroom • and see that . none carried
weapons. Judge Harrington said he knew
of no one carrying weapons in. court and:
Spencer called his attention to the fact
that Miller' drew a revolver on Attorney
Raker last night in court. The court said ,
he did not see Miller draw the weapon.
The Judge also said that if any. more ap
plause was indulged In, as was done last
evening, he would cause those persons ap-
- PORT TOWNBEND — Arrived Jan 9 — Br ship
Loudon Hill, from Iquique: Br Bhip ' Glenelvan,
from Cape Town; Br bark Mary A, Troop, from
Mollendo; schr. Challenger, - hence Jan 1, for
Seattle: achr Marlon, from San Pedro, for,Ta
coma; Br bark Howard D Troop, from Shang
hai. ¦ :: f v. , ¦ ¦•¦-.-• : * :: :;¦.;'-. ! ::¦!;
Passed in Jan -0 — Bark Carondelet, ' hence
Dec 25; stmr City of Topeka, from Skagway. , ¦
Arrived . Jan "9 — Echr Wempe Bros, -hence
Jan 1. ' ...
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Jan 8— Bktn Re
triever, for San Pedro. .-. _'¦ ¦ ¦•¦¦..', ..
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Jan 8— Stmr Noyo,
hftace Jan 8. • • . ' . • •
NEAH BAT — Passed- In - Jan 9— Br bark
Mary A Troop, from Mollendo; Br bark Lou
don Hill, from Iquique; -iron bark flying.dis
tress . sicnals. ; ¦ ;; ¦ ¦ . . ,-.¦.
Paseed outward ¦ Jan & — Stmr Robert Dollar,"
from . Seattle, ; for San Francisco. . : , -, .¦ ¦ ; ¦ - v
Passed : out ' Jan . 0 — Br ships Avenger * and
Cambrian Chieftain, for Queens to wn ; Btmr
MIneola, for. Port Los Angeles. ' ,
. ; ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Alliance,
hence Jan 2; «lmr South Portland, hence Jan 6.
;. Bailed Jan 0 — Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco. V" - -' ¦-¦¦'.,.. ' - "-. ¦ ¦¦-¦:¦¦ , -¦ '
•- SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 9 — Barge Santa
Paula, for San Francisco: schr Lucy, for Ump
qua; stmr Coos Bay, for San Francisco. . I,
TACOMA— Arrived- Jan 0— Ship Aztec, from
Ban : Francisco; • stmr City - of ¦ Topeka, i- from
Skagway. Jan 8 — Stmr John S ICimball, from
San Francisco. ' ¦;¦ ¦¦¦:. , ..
- Sailed Jan 9 — Stmr John S KlmbaJl, for Se
attle; schr Philippine, for San Pedro. Jan 8 —
Br ship Aven«r, . for. Port Elizabeth; Br ship
Marechal Suchet, for Queenstown. ' ' ;V ¦'¦..
SEATTLE — Arrived- Jaa . 9— Stmr. Edith,
"Coward!" Shouts Raker.
. To-day the wrath-kindled gentlemen
conducted themselves • with comparative
decorum and the time for the "arbitra
tion of the swelling difference of their
settled hate" possibly has been for a time
deferred. But Alturas has not by any
means permitted itself to feel absolutely
safe, and the bark of the six-shooter may
enliven town, affairs at any moment.
ALTURAS, Jan. 9.— Attorney Raker,
leading counsel for the defense of
Brown in the Lookout lynching
case, had an unpleasant number
of hours in jail last night as a
penalty for contempt of court,' but he was
primed for more legal strife to-day. Ra
ker and Dan Miller, the latter being a
sort of - bodyguard for the prosecution's
lawyers," disturbed the of the
court yesterday by a very ominous inter
change of uncomplimentary remarks, and
the bitter clamor of eager tongues caused
an amazingly rapid exit of the fearsome
auditors.
YOUNG MAN WHO WAS A MEMBER OF THE MODOC MOB THAT LYNCHED CALVIN HALL AND FOUR
OTHERS AT LOOKQUT LAST MAY AND "WHO HAS TURNED STATE'S EVIDENCE AND REVEALED THE
SECRETS OF THE BAND OF CONSPIRATORS. .
An additional manifest has been reported at
the Custom-house for the steamer Curac&o,
¦which eailed Tuesday for Mexican ports. The
manifest was valued at (2670 and Included the
following merchandise and produce: 2232 lbs
bread, 3<5 cs canned goods, 281 lbs sago, 25
pkgs groceries and provisions. 732 lbs mill
etuffc, 1H92 lbs eplces, 10 bdls paper, S00 lbs
raisins. :!C pkffs paints and oils, «4 cs salmon,
CO crs potatoes. 292 lbs butter, 5 kegs jiails,
•*U)4 lbs ham and bacon. 20 cs 40 gals wine,
121 pkgs paste, "CO lbs tea, 400 lbs dried fruit.
131 ibs nuts, 347 lbs cocoa. 1 pkg machinery,
15 bxs fruits, 10 cs whisky, 15 cs ginger ale,
2 cs drugs.
An Additional Manifest.
The F:-ench baric Genevieve Molinos was
cleared 'Wednesday for Queenstown for order*
xvith 57.S30 ctls wheat, valued at $60,196, and
19.000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at $2S5.
The British shin Lady Wentworth was
cleared yesterday for Queenstown. lor order*.
with &4.4B8 ctls wheat, valued at fOS,705. and
22,000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued, at $352.
Shipments of Wheat.
Shipping Merchants.
The schooner Mary Dodge will load lumber
at Grays Harbor for Hilo, chartered prior to
arrival.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The M&ry A. Troop, which arrived at
Port Townsend yesterday, reports that
she passed the British ship Glenmark,
twenty-one miles southwest of Cape Flat
tery, with both anchors and chains gone.
A dispatch received yesterday from
Keah Bay reports that an iron bark
passed tiere this morning flying signals of
distress.
The steam schooner Albion, now loading
for Manila and Guam, will probably sail
next Tuesday. She is taking a full cargo
and will call at Honolulu. •
' The British steamship Santiago sailed
shortly iiftcr 1 o'clock yesterday for Val
paraiso with a full cargo. She did not
carry many passengers.
Water Front ITotes.
The barkentlne Koka Head will be
launched on Saturday at Boole's ship
yard, Oitkland. Miss Mildred Rolph will
christen the new vessel. Captain W. T.
Lewis, formerly of the Henry Villard and
the Kennebec. will command the Koka
Head upon her maiden voyage.
Captain Levris Will Command.
disastrous results as far as the upper
works of the craft were concerned. All
the woodwork above the tank was de
stroyed :ind part of the house will have to
be removed. Nobody was seriously in
jured.
Risdon Launch Blows Up.
The gasoline tank of Risdon No. 1, one
of the gasoline launches used by the Ris
don Iron Works, exploded yesterday with
There was some slight delay yesterday
morning in the loading of the Pacific Mail
steamship City of Peking, owing to the
discover:/- of a Blight leak. Investigation
revealed the fact that the rivets of a plate
below the water line had worked loose.
The def«;ct was remedied without much
trouble tjid the work for takin- on cargo
continued. The City of Peking will sail
for the Orient on Saturday as scheduled.
Peking Will Sail Saturday.
The Robert Duncan did not suffer any
loss of life throughout her terrible ex
perience. In fact, the crew and officers
came through it in fine shape, only one
trivial case of rheumatism occurring on
the' Ions and exhaustive trip.
The strong: Bhip stood up under the
strain, however, and rode out the typhoon
only to run int</ a succession of storms.
She was out one hundred days and in all
that time there was no one pleasant day.
Three days out from the straits she ran
Into the storm that reached here Christ
mas night.
Thirty-five miles out from Cape Flattery
the Duncan lost her second j set of sails.
Fortunately she" had three sets aboard
and was able to rig out again. She finally
made the straits and took a tug at Clal
lam Bay, arriving here this morning. The
last biscuit on board the ship was eaten
Wednesday morning. Captain MacLean
says he lived on beef tea . for the past
two weeks. He also states that just be
fore the typhoon struck his ship he saw
a four-masted American schooner which
undoubtedly went through the same
storm. She was so far away that he
could not ascertain her name.
The wind seemed, to come from every
quarter .all at the same time and would
hurl the mighty ship about as if she were
made of bamboo. The sails were blown
to threads, the ballast was shiiied, the
stanchions below were wrenched out -of
place, seas flooded the vessel from stem
to stern, the spars were damaged and all
the eatables were ruined.
PORT ANGELES.. Wash., Jan. 9.— The
four-masted ship Robert Duncan arrived
here to-day after one of the worst voy
ages on record. She started ' from Wei-
Hal- Wei in ballast, for Royal Roads on
October 1. When ten days out to _the
south of Japan she was struck by a
typhoon that raged with relentless fury
for forty-eight hours. . Captain MacLean
says It was indescribable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Kilpatrick was thirty days from
Manila and twenty-two days from Naga
saki, the Warren twenty-five days from
Manila and nineteen days nineteen hours
from Xatrasakl. Both vessels experienced
disagreeable weather, but no violent
storms. The soldiers were landed at the
detention camp at Angel Island and the
transports proceeded to the Government
dock.
The United States army transports Kil
patrick. sxid Warren arrived in port yes
tcrday.from Manila v.itli a regiment and
a half of lime-expired soldiers, a number
of officers, including: Brigadier Generals
lluphes :ind Funston. array wives and
children and a few civilians.
Typhoon .Destroys Sails, but
Vessel Reaches Port
Safely.
Slight Leak— The Koka
Head LaunchiDg.
The City of Peking Springs
Four - Master Robert
Duncan Has Fearful
. . Experience.
"Warren Stsrts Five Days
After, but Catches
Kilpatrick. *
MIGHTY GALES
TOSS A SHIP
TWO TRANSPORTS
ARRIVE IN PORT
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
3 lime lime i.uac lime
1 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft,
» H W| L.W HW L, W
0 0:50 4.7 6:10 3.111:03 6.3 6:O5-IIo~2
1 1:24 4.7 S:62 8.011:45 6.2 6:40 0.0
2 1:BC 4.7 6:40 2.8 12:28 4.D 7:14 0.3
3 2:25 4.6 7:32 2.8 1:16 4.6 t:M 0.7
4 2:00 4.61 8:31 2.5 2:14 4.2 8:34 1.2
5 3:37; B.Oi «:41 2.2 3:2<> .. 3.» 0:25 1 7
C 4:15 8.110:40 L0 4:50 3.7 10:15 2.2
7 6:01' £.211:56 1.8 6:30 3.6 11:16 2.5
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalU.
Pier.
January 10. j
Argo Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
Aberdeen.. Los Angeles Ports.. 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport Sc Way . Pts. 8 am Pier 11
January 11.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Zealandia.. Tahiti direct 12 m Pier 7
Arena Point Arena j 2pm|Pier 'i
City Peking China & Japan f 1'pmjPMSS
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.. 11 amlPler a
January 13. . f -
Arcata. ... Coos Bay & Pt. Orf d 10 am|Pierl3
Pomona... Humboldt l:30p|Pier. u
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am Pier 2
January 13.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
January 14. .
Empire.... Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coos Bay.. Newport & Way.... 9 am Pier 11
North Folk Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
January 15.
Strath&yle. China & Japan 12 m Pier 27
State Cat.. San Diego & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay.. Coquille River 1 pm Pier 2
January 10. , ¦
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts Pier 16
Queen Pugret Sound Port*.. 11 am Pier 9
Ventura..-. Sydney & Way Pts.. 10 am Pier 7
Rainier Seattle & N. What.. 5 pm Pier 2
Herodot... Hamburg & Way... .. Pier-
January 18.
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Newport... Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PilSS
Steamer. For. Sail*. -
City Seattle. . Skag-way & Way Ports. Jan. 11
Farallon Skagway & "Way Ports. Jan. 13
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. IS
E. Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan- 15
Steamer.
For.
Steamer.
Tom.
>u«.
Aberdeen Eureka .!Jan. 10
Tltania Nanaimo [Jan. 10
Chas. Nelson. Redondo |Jan. 10
Asuncion Tacoma Jan. 10
Hanta Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 10
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Jan. 10
Arcaia Coos Bay & Port Orford Jan. 10
Bequola Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 10
Gaelic China & Japan Jan. 10
Progreso Seattle Jan. 10
R. Dollar. ... Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 11
Crescent City. Crescent City Jan. 11
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 11
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 11
Strathgyle... Portland Jan. 11
Mineola Nanaimo Jan. 11
North Fork.. Humboldt "Jan. 11
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. IJan. It
Aztec Tacoma |Jan. 12
Rainier Seattle & N. What com. Jan. 12
Mandalay Coqullle River ,. Jan. 12
Etate of Cal.. San Dleso & Way Ports Jan. 12
Kureka Humboldt ...Jan. ia
Herodot Seattle :|Jan. 13
Pleiades Oyster Harbor ...". jjan. 14
Argyll Xew York via Panama. Jan. 1-1
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 15
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 16
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. lfi
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 16
Umatilla..... Pupet Sound Ports |Jan. 17
Newburg '.[Grays Harbor (Jan 17
H. K. Maru.. China & Japan.." ..IJan JK
I-akmc Portland & Astoria I Jan. 18
Chehalls Grays Harbor Jan 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Jan. la
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalU.
Pier.
January 10. j
Argo Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
Aberdeen.. Los Angeles Ports.. 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport Sc Way . Pts. 8 am Pier 11
January 11.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Zealandia.. Tahiti direct 12 m Pier 7
Arena Point Arena j 2pm|Pier 'i
City Peking China & Japan f 1'pmjPMSS
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.. 11 amlPler a
January 13. . f -
Arcata. ... Coos Bay & Pt. Orf d 10 am|Pierl3
Pomona... Humboldt l:30p|Pier. u
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am Pier 2
January 13.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
January 14. .
Empire.... Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coos Bay.. Newport & Way.... 9 am Pier 11
North Folk Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
January 15.
Strath&yle. China & Japan 12 m Pier 27
State Cat.. San Diego & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay.. Coquille River 1 pm Pier 2
January 10. , ¦
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts Pier 16
Queen Pugret Sound Port*.. 11 am Pier 9
Ventura..-. Sydney & Way Pts.. 10 am Pier 7
Rainier Seattle & N. What.. 5 pm Pier 2
Herodot... Hamburg & Way... .. Pier-
January 18.
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Newport... Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PilSS
3 lime lime i.uac lime
1 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft,
» H W| L.W HW L, W
0 0:50 4.7 6:10 3.111:03 6.3 6:O5-IIo~2
1 1:24 4.7 S:62 8.011:45 6.2 6:40 0.0
2 1:BC 4.7 6:40 2.8 12:28 4.D 7:14 0.3
3 2:25 4.6 7:32 2.8 1:16 4.6 t:M 0.7
4 2:00 4.61 8:31 2.5 2:14 4.2 8:34 1.2
5 3:37; B.Oi «:41 2.2 3:2<> .. 3.» 0:25 1 7
C 4:15 8.110:40 L0 4:50 3.7 10:15 2.2
7 6:01' £.211:56 1.8 6:30 3.6 11:16 2.5
Steamer. For. Sail*. -
City Seattle. . Skag-way & Way Ports. Jan. 11
Farallon Skagway & "Way Ports. Jan. 13
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. IS
E. Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan- 15
Steamer.
For.
Steamer.
Tom.
>u«.
Aberdeen Eureka .!Jan. 10
Tltania Nanaimo [Jan. 10
Chas. Nelson. Redondo |Jan. 10
Asuncion Tacoma Jan. 10
Hanta Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 10
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Jan. 10
Arcaia Coos Bay & Port Orford Jan. 10
Bequola Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 10
Gaelic China & Japan Jan. 10
Progreso Seattle Jan. 10
R. Dollar. ... Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 11
Crescent City. Crescent City Jan. 11
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 11
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 11
Strathgyle... Portland Jan. 11
Mineola Nanaimo Jan. 11
North Fork.. Humboldt "Jan. 11
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. IJan. It
Aztec Tacoma |Jan. 12
Rainier Seattle & N. What com. Jan. 12
Mandalay Coqullle River ,. Jan. 12
Etate of Cal.. San Dleso & Way Ports Jan. 12
Kureka Humboldt ...Jan. ia
Herodot Seattle :|Jan. 13
Pleiades Oyster Harbor ...". jjan. 14
Argyll Xew York via Panama. Jan. 1-1
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 15
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 16
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. lfi
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 16
Umatilla..... Pupet Sound Ports |Jan. 17
Newburg '.[Grays Harbor (Jan 17
H. K. Maru.. China & Japan.." ..IJan JK
I-akmc Portland & Astoria I Jan. 18
Chehalls Grays Harbor Jan 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Jan. la
AD Viilit'nS'ETVrRTTTa.
My RHEUriATIsn CURE Is Just as
certain to cure rheumatism as water
is to quench thirst. No matter what
part of. the body the pain maybe in
or whether . it is acute or chronic,
nUNYON'S RHEUnATISn CURE
will drive It out in a few hours, and
fully cure in a few days.— HUNYON.
Mnnyon's Dyspepsia Care will care any case of
indigestion or stomach trouble.
Ninety per cent, of kidney complaints, including:
the earliest stages' of Bright'* Disease, can be cured
vith Munyon's Kidney Cure.
Munyon'sCatarrh Cure wi!! cure catarrh ofthe head,
throat and stomach, no mat ter of how long standing. ,
Nervous affectionsanddUeases of the hrartarecon-
trolled and cured by Munyon'sNerve and HrartCure.
Munyon's Cold Core will break npanyformofcold.
Munyon's Vitalizsr restores lost powers to weak
men. Price $i. «
- The Guide to Health (free) tells about di«*a«f»
and their cure. Get it at any drugstore. The Ceres
are all on sale there, mostly at 35 cents a vial.
Mnnyon, New York and Philadelphia. j
MUMOX'S I.VHILER CUBES CAT1CKH.
fifo WONG WOO,
. UT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
lEt Ji SANITARIUM.
¦^JSik- 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
\ LL, DISEASES CURED
*9'V!iSJ*li^ t\. exclusively by Chinese
herbs, over 3000 varieties being- used. Hours
9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 0 p. m.
; OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
BSW^ Wharf, t-an Francisco:
IW^SKi, For Kctchikan, Juneau,
EaiSJ 6^!^^ Skagway, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
IsvWKvSa m - J an - u - 1H - 21 - - (! - 31 -
! Bffla»gH Feb. 5. Chance to company's
! Ezk-iXiSir^Si'- steamers ?.t Seattle.
>*«SH3I^^5&? For Victoria. Vancouver.
"^ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
1^"^% coma, Everett, New \VTiat-
com— 11 a. m.fJan. 11. 16, 21, 20. 31. Feb. 5. .
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska, and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N- P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
Jan. 12, 17, 22, 27. Feb., 1.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port 1>js Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of- Cat., Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey* San. Simeon, Cayucos.' Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). 'Gavlota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme,:- East San Pedro, San
Pedro and *N«wport <*Bonita only).
Bonita. 9 a.m., Jan. 2, 10, IS, -C. Feb.' 3.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Jan. 6, 14. 22. 30, Feb. 7.
For Ensenada, Magtialena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folders.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET 0"FTCE— * New Montgomer7
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
1 ,-•¦- 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O.R.4IV.CO,
Only Staiunshlp Xjftne «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Shor* Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
point*. nt< rail or steamship and rail, at
lowest xv-A.rr'XJS.
STEAMZE TICKETS 1NCLUDZ B2&TS tad MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
Jan. 13. 23; Feb. 2. 12. 23.
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
.........Jan. 18, 28: Feb. T. IT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y.S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
RXV TOSS. S0CTHAH?T0H, L03S0H. PASI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
" From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Jan. 22 Philadelphia ...Feb. 13
St. Paul.. Jan. 29 St. Paul Feb. 13
St. Louis Feb. S St. Louis Feb. 20
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Socthwark Jan. 22 Zeelanc! Fetw 12
Vaderland Jan. 29 Haverford Feb. 19
Kensington . . . .Feb. 5 Friesland Feb. 28
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. > s " .-. ,.; ?•» -
SS. HONGKONG MARU......}..:....;.. «
¦ V. Thursday, January 30th, 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU...
Tuesday. February 25th. 1903
S3. AMERICA MARU
. . -..-.-. .Friday. March 21st. 1003
Round- trip tickets at reduced, rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Slid Americana de Yapores
To -Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How.
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m. - tlTl UiWilHHip IHWWWIJ
SANTIAGO.... Jan. »; GUATEMALA. Feb. J$
TUCAPEL Jan. 28IPALENA .v •
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South Americas passenger servlco.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger offlce. 318 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R,R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin. $ 105; Steerage, $10; Meals Free.
6. 8. Argyll *aiw Tuesday, Jan. 2S
6.6. Leelanaw calls Monday. Feb. 3
& 6. Argyll sails Monday. Mar. S
From Howard-stre«t wharf at S p.* m. v * • ¦
Freight and - Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
oceanics.8.co.EBi"
BS. ZEALANDIA. lor Tahiti
• ..Sat. Jan. 11; Noon.
S3. VENTURA for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. .Thurs., 'Jan. 16, 10 a. el
BS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu ..... .
Saturday. Jan. 23. *02, 2 ©. m.
J. D.SP3EMEIS k BIOS. CO., emnu lonts. 327 larbtSt
len'l Passenflar Oite, 843 Harkat tU for It, 7. Patiflatt
C0X?A8RIS GIKEXALX T2JLS3ATLAaTiqUl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every Tbursclay, Instead °*»|ScElQ»
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier iZ.^^Saasak
North River, foot of Morton street.
. First class to Havre. 170 and upward. Secon4
class to Havre. 143 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES aad CAN-
ADA. S3 Broadway (Hudson bulldlns). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, S I Montgomery avenue, San i Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticks t Agent*.
;;BAY AND HIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOB \S,. S/IaYY YAB3 ANfl YALLEJ)
• Steamy GEN r FRISBtS or . MONTICZLL)
8:15 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p.m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 8:45 a.m.. S:30 p. m. Leav*s
Vallejo : 1 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 - p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Far* SO
cents. .Telephone Main 1503. Landing and
of nee. pier . 2. Mlssion-rtrnt dock. HATCH
BROS. '
AD VEBTISEMENTS. .
Ninety Per Cent of It Really
Caused From Poor Digestion.
Real organic heart trouble is incurable, but
scarcely one case In a hundred is organic.
The action of the heart and stomach are both
controlled by the same great nerve3, the sympa-
thetic and pneumogastric, and when the stom-
ach falls to properly digest' the food and It lies
in the stomach fermenting, gases are formed
which distend the causing pressure on
the heart and lungs, causing palpitation, ir-
regularity and shortness of breath.
The danger . from this condition is that the
continued disturbance of the heart sooner or
later may cause real organic heart trouble and
in fa'ct frequently does so. . y, s
Furthermore, poor, digestion makes the blood
. thin and watery and deficient In red corpuscles,
and this further irritates and weakens the
heart. . /
The most . sensible . thing to do for.' heart
trouble is to insure the digestion and assimila-
tion of the food.
This can be done by 'the rernlar use after
meals of some safe, pleasant and effective di-
gestive preparation, like Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, | which ¦ may be found at most drug
stores and' which contain the necessary diges-
tive elements in a pleasant, convenient form.
¦ ' Thousands of people keep well and vigorous
by keeping their digestion perfect by observing
the rule of taking one or two of these tablets
after each meal, or at least after each hearty
meal. . . ¦
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain TJ. S. P.
pepsin, diastase from malt and other natural
digestives which act only on the food, digesting
it perfectly and preventing acidity, gases and
the many, diseased conditions which accompany
a weak stomach. :
-When Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are used
you man know you are not taking into the sys-
tem any strong medicine or powerful drug, but
simply • the - natural digestive elements which
every weak stomach lacks.
So widely known and. popular have these tab-
lets become that . they are now sold ty - every
druggist In the United States, Canada, and Great
Britain. ' . - ;
Badam's . -Microbe Killer (It.
.M.K.) will cure you of- -CA-
TARRH. Bronchitis, Asthma. - Cold
or any kindred disease, as it has '¦
cured thousands of others In this
% country. It is certain destruction
° to all forms of microbes and germs
. : of disease, to which are attributed
all the maladies mentioned. It not ;
only destroys them, but it aids the
system in repairing - the damago .
they have done. R.M.K. •" SI a
hot, $3 a Jug. RADAM'S MICROBE
KILLER CO., , 1470 Market. S. F.
;- .- : "¦""-¦'¦• - ¦¦ : --~ ¦ ¦'¦'¦ '¦¦'.•¦¦..-¦:¦ ¦¦¦¦- --¦¦ .¦;¦•.¦¦¦-¦•-
%i - : ~-^— -**•- * ' Big CUs « non-poIsonoTti
rn itflMlr M tthi nl r^edy tor Gonorrhoea.
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
Asm* CURES >E| Whites. unn»tnr»l di«I
iffftfln l to 6 d»j«. \Jxhmrge9, or any inflatnma.-
BeS¥ Qawanteed to *" tion, irritation or ulcera-
Pt, if Frtrtat eonuiioa *^ on °^ m a c o a s mem*
Vg^lNCimT1.0.Egp or »«nt in plain wr.ppcr.
*W||flK u. a. A. by express, prepaid, for
<k?®^ *4W\k !'-<». or 3 bottlea, (2.75.
0 a Circular sent ca reaaeat.
. ¦ -•¦;,••..-¦, •:„¦ :.¦ ; .-; -.. ¦; : , . .,:• \ - ,-r - . ¦ .
¦ r MARKET "snSE^SBBf '
O'l TP r> fill I I Corner Fourth and
lALL UllVnl Market. S. F. Try
I II I" T K 1 1 1 II I our Special Brew;
I J H I L J I H L steam and Laser/
yillL.llU.IIIU Be, overcoats and
' vallsea checked, freeEEAI ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
George D. and CharlotteJ. Graybill to Fran
ces Nelson. lot on W line of Larkln street
62:6 S of Jackson, S 25 by W 87:6; $7500
William H. and * Lilly I. Roden to Mary I
Mongea, lot on N llneof Vallejo street 1SS-K
W of Franklin. W 60 byN 137:6; gift .
Mary I. Monges to. Lilly I. Roden. Bame
gift; . . .-.-.'
• James and Rebecca Qulnlan to Mary E. and
Rebecca C. Ouinlan, lot on r - NW corner 01
Green and •¦ Octavla streets. W 25 by N 100
gift. ¦¦-¦-•¦•• ¦ ; :" ; - ¦ :- ¦ ¦ . '
. . 'William H. and Lydla J. * "WTiarff to Julius
and Selma Relmer.'lot on NE corner of Greet
and Laguna streets, E 25 by N 100; $10.
- Hannah Becker to : Louise ; E. : Becker Mari
H. Welch and Ellen A' Prin^l* -orlf-U* nn
* — ; : — . . , ... — : — -*
I LIVERPOOL. -
Wheat—, .March. May
Opening « 4% . 6 4%
Closing 64% 6 4 |
Wheat—/, , ; ;r j an . Marl -June.
Opening... 22 05 22 95
" FlOU^ "•••:••••• 2195 22 S5
Opening 27 S5 27 95
Closing ..;.. 2780 28 90
Eastern Livestock Market -
CHICAGO, Jan. . 9.— CATTLE— Receipts,
9000, including 250 Texans;" market active and
10@16c higher than : Monday. Good i to prime
$6 C0@6 70; poor to medium, $4@6 25; stockers
and feeders $2 25@4 75; cowsT SI 25@4 751
h^iJ? rB - $2 50 @5; eanners, $1 25@2 30; bulls
lo^t^ : »« alVe8 ' $3 50 ® 6 50: Texas fed -steers,'
?3 25® 5 25. ' ' ¦ , ' •
HOGS— Receipts: ; To-day, 33.000; tolmor
row 2000; left over, 10,000; -market 5@10o
higher. Mixed and butchers', $C@0 50- good to
choice heavy, $6 50@6 60; rbugh heavy, $5 00«i
6 20: light. $5 S0@6 15; bulk of sales, $6®6 40
SHEEP— Receipts, ; 16,000; sheep. heavv'
lower; light; steady; lambs, strong ' to ;i6c
higher. Good to choice wethers, $4@4 65- fair
to choice mixed, $3 60@4 25; .Western- sheep
U@i 75; 'lambs. $3 50@6;- ; Western
lambs. $5 75. . . ¦ , • ¦- -..-¦
ST. JOSEPH. .- .:..;-. .V
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.,. Jan. ; 0.— CATTLE Re
ceipts, ,1100; steady. •. Natives, $3 3507 25
cows and heifers. ...$1 50@3' 25; ¦ veals, $3E6
stockers and feeders, $2 2504 35. . .
. HOGS — Receipts, 7500; steady.- Light and
mixed. $5 60@<J 30: medium , and heavy $6 10
@C CO; pigs, S3 55@4 80. - Jl .' iU '
SHEEP — Receipts, 200; : firm. . Top ; lambs
$4 75; top wethers, $4 75. \ ¦'; . - . . -
New /York -Metal Market ;•-;'
NEW- YORK. Jan. 9.— The local ¦ for
pig ¦ tin- wai 50 , points ( lower on j the bid ' price/
dosing i with the • range S22@23. / The : London ¦
market closed with spot tin 10s Slower 'at '£102
6s. but futures were 6s higher. at £100 5s.
• Copper, sold in London as low at -£40 17s 6d,
Business continued dull on the Stock and
Bond Exchange, and the only noteworthy
change was a decline In " Market : street Rail
road to $91. There was no especial change in
the oil stocks.
The assessment of Ic.on McKlttrlck Oil fell
delinquent on the board yesterday. .
At t the annual meeting of the Spring Valley
Water Company Wednesday .. Engineer Schuss
ler's report stated that with the extensions of
the system now under way completed* there
will be a sufficient ' supply of water for this
city for all time. The stockholders re-electel
the old board of directors, which consists of
Charles Webb Howard, A. H. Payson, Thomas
Brown, Homer S. King, Frank Simms, A.
Borel and Samuel Bigelow.*
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Jan. 9—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I 1 Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup. 113 4s qr c (new)139%140
4s quar reg..lll%112%!3s quar coup.lOS% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. — — Oceanic 5s. ..102 102%
Bay CPC 5s.lOS% — Ombus C 6s. 130% —
Cal-st 5s .116% — Pac G Im 4s. 96 100
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 6s. — 112
Ed L&P 6s.. — — Pk&O R 6s. — 120
Per&C H 68.120 — Pwl-st R 6s..ll8%120
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 Sac EGR 6s. 05 —
H C&S 8%s. — — SF & SJV5s.l21%123
Do 6s. — lOOVi Sierra Cal 6s — —
L Ang R 5s. 119 120% S P of Ar 6s
LA Light 6s. — - — (1909) 111 —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1010) 112% —
Do gtd 5s.lO3% — S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. 99 — (1905)Sr A. — J08%
Do lem 5s.l01 103 (1905)Sr B.108%100--S,
Mkt-st C 63.125 — (1006) 111 111%
Do lem 5s.l21 122% (1912) — 121
N R Cal 6s. 109% — S P Cal 1st
? Do 5s 121% — c gntd 5s.ll0 —
N Pac C 5s.l04%105% S P BrCal6s.i:iG% —
N Cal R 5s.ll2%113% S~V Wat 63.1^ —
Oak Gas 5s.. 113% — Do 4s 103 —
Oak Trns Cs.121 122% Do 4s 3dm.lOl%101«i
Do 1st c5s.109%110% Stkn Gas 6s. 102% —
Oak W G 5s. — 103%
\ WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73 74% Port Costa.. «3% 60
Marin Co 53 — Spring Val.. 85% 8C%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. 2% 2*1 Pac Light... 45 —
Eqt G L Co.. 3% 3% Sacramento . — 35
Mutual — 6% S F G & E.. 40% 41
O G L & H. 51 — San Fran..". 6% '
Pac Gaa Imp 35% 40 Stktn G & E S —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.245 — f '
BANKS. .
Anglc-Cal .. 79% — L P & A 167%169
California ..420 430 Mer Ex (Uq) 18% —
Cal 8afe Dp.112 — S F Natlonl.137% —
First Nat m. 325 850
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1920 — Sav & Loan. — 00
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.305 350
Mutual Sav. 66 — Union Trst.. — 2475
S F Sav U..510 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..150 — Market 90X4 91%
Geary — 50^ Presidio 38 —
POWDER.
Giant 81% 82 JVigorlt 4% B
SUGAR.
Hana — — Kllauea 9% —
Hawaiian . . 84 40 Maka well . .. 27 27%
Honokaa ... 10 11 Onomea .... 23
Hutchinson .14% 14% Paauhau ... 10
MISCELLANEOUS.*
Alaska Pack.173 174 Pac A F A.." 2Ti —
Cal Fruit As 95 93% Pac C Borax.lCS —
Cal Wine As. 96% 97 Par Paint. .. 15 —
Oceanic SCo. 89% 45
. Morning Session.' S
Board —
20 California Wine Assn. cash 66 50
60 California Wine Assn 90 60
40 Makawell s 90 27 25
10 Onomea Sugar Co 23 00
15 Paauhau S P. Co 10 25
5 Spring Valley Water "....' 85 50
Afternoon Session.
10 California Wine Assn 96 60 ¦
6 Giant Powder Con 81 60
25 Market Street Railway. 91 00
$2000 Oceanic S S Bonds 102 00
v...-. . «i • .
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Kem ..*. b 37 u
1050 Monarch of Arizona.. 21
600 Occidental of West Virginia...... 20
700 Occidental of West Virginia : 21
20 San Joaquin Oil & Development. . 6 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
600 California-Standard ............ ju
100 Four ....* 50
- 10 Homo .....i...... a 45
400 Junction " 2ft
100 Kern '*** 5 7X
21 Kern River C 6 OO
600 Petroleum Center " 04
S96 Reed Crude 35
100 San Joaquin Oil & Development! I 8 75
100 Sovereign . AJJ
100 Sterling ...I'.-, 115
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In tho San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester-
Mornlng Session.
• £S Sf s J & Belch - 14 iOO Mexican 39
800 Chollar 09 200 Ophir . 0?
.KSIgS:: g ¦»"•-• *~£X fJ
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 02 700 Hale & Nor 2<J
1500 Best & Belch. 13 250 Mexican «
200 Caledonia ... 27 200 Ophir co
200 C C & Va....l C5 50 Ophir on
600 Crown Point. 10 1C0 Potosl . Ti
200 Gould & C. .. 07 800 Savage **" o?
100 Gould & C... OC 500 Sierra Nevada. 22
500 Hale & Nor. . 2G 100 Silver Hill I§
200 Hale & Nor.. 27 1500. Union Con.".*.' 17
The following were' the ' sales to the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher -....: 13 10OO Occidental ''la
200 Best & Belch. 14 200 Overman " r?
100 Caledonia ... 27 200 Potosl .. ;"" i<
400 Chollar 10 700 Potosl . . " " i «
100 C C & Va..l 67% 200 Savage 0?
200 Hale & Nor. . 27 200 Sierra Nevada 21
200 Hale & Nor.. 2S 300 Union Con if
S0O Mexican* ..... »s «X) Tellow Jacket 10
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 13 300 Hale & Nor 40
800 Chollar 10 400 Mexican -.2?
250 C C & Va..l 67% 2C0 Occidental cu
200 Hale & Nor.. 26 100 Ophir S;
800 Hale & Nor. . 29 300 Silver Hlil! * " " i«
200 Hale &.Nor..' 31 .600 Union Coa'.'.'. 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Jan. 9— ( „ m
Bld.Ask. BldT«ir
Alpha ....... 0l ; 02 Justice ...... ok (r
Alta 06, 07 Kentuck ... ni V*
Andes.. 01 " 02 Lady Washtn 01
Belcher ;..... 12 14 Mexican .. 07 rs
Best & Belch. 12 13 Occidental ." 10 ?i
Bullion. 02 03 Ophir en ii
Caledonia ... 27 28 Overman ?? ?Y
Challenge Con 14 16fPotosl ...'.'" \i li
Chollar 09 10'Savage ... " «q )Z
Confidence ... 63 66,: Scorpion . " _ J2
C C &.Va....l 65 1 70 Seg Belcher" 03 n?
Con Imperial.. 01 02- Sierra Nevada 21 22
Con N.York;. 01 —'Silver Hill « ¦ 2? ¦
Crown Point. 10 lliSt Louis..".'" o» 06
Eureka Con.. 20 —[Standard .. __ 3 5S
Exchequer .. — 02 Syndicate ..'. 06 07
Gould & C... 06 07 Union Con..! 16 17
Hale & Nor.. 33 34 Utah ....... ?i
Julia • • • — 01 1 Yellow Jacket 08 09
On the' Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 15@24V£c; dairy,
14020c. Cheese, steady, 10%@ll%c. Eggs,
strong; fresh, 30c. -
Articles — • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels „. 33,000 . - 81,000
"Wheat, bushels 55.000 89.000
Corn, bushels 137,000 13S.0O0
Oats, bushels ; 169,000 154,000
Rye. bushels ...2.000 1.000
Barley, bushels 55.000 ' 18.000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
flrm; No. 2 spring wheat. 80@ v 80%c; No. 3
spring, 78<S80%c; No. -2 red. 87@S9%c; No. 2
oats. 47@47%c: No. 2 white, 4S%@50c; No. 3
white. 49® 49%e; No. 2 rye. 67%c; - fair, to choice
malting barley. 60@64c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 65:
"No. 1 Northwestern, $1 67: prime timothy seed,
$6 65; mess pork per barrel. $16 85@16 90;
lard, .per 100 pounds, $9 70@9 SO: short-rib
sides (loose), $S 40@8 55;. dry salted ; shoulders
(boxed) $7 37%@7 50: short clear sides (boxed).
$8 85@8 95; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 32;
clover, contract grade,- $10.
New York Stock Market.
KEW YORK, Jan. 9. — Speculation came to
a r.altlng place to-day and showed much hesi
tation about branching out Into new courses.
In the absence of important new developments,
the market followed the normal course in the
culmination of a speculative movement, the
pric« vibrations becoming less by degrees.
Thtre were efforts, which persisted during the
greater part of the day, to contest the drooping
tendency of the market and to continue yester
day's recovery. The marking up of special
ctocks was the device resorted to. ~ It was not
very effective at any time, although there was
a rally at one time which generally wiped out
early losses. In the late dealings, however,
when the futility of the efforts of the bulls be
came apparent, tired holders began to throw
over stocks. Prices went to the lowest point
for the day and generally closed there. St.
Pail was under severe pressure and lost 2%.
Declines of between 1 and 2 points are numer
ous among the prominent stocks. The princi
pal etay of stocks during the time of the re
sistance to the decline was Manhattan. This
etock was taken on an enormous scale by bro
kers -who nav« been active In It ever since the
present advance began. The running of the
Unit experimental train by electricity over one
of the company's lines was the ostensible cause
of the stock's 6trength. Metropolitan and
Brtwklyn Rapid Transit were affected in a sim
ilar way. The action of the United States
Bteel etocks has proved a great disappointment
to a large element among professional specu
iatjrs, who have been looking for a sustained
lift In those stocks and an advance bull leader
ship of the market. Both classes of stocks
were eold to-day, both for home and foreign
aoiount. The hostile etepa etui In prospect
against the Northern Securities Company con
tinue to form a .repressive influence 'The
money market has lost its stringent tone, but
renewal of supplies is by no means so abundant
BM expected.
re^vSue^^OOO^ 3 lr ™ EUlar - *«U1 ¦ «!«.
•United States registered 2s and coupon ad
vanced U. on the last call. :
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Htocks— Bale*. High. Low. Close.
Atshteon- ........;. 23,600 80% "78% 76%
AthcUon prefd 5.8O0 100% »3% soS
Bal A Ohio 3.200 105% 105 ins
Bil & Ohio preM.. 600 06% ©8 oa
Canadian Pacific .. 1.300 ll&Vi 114% H4«
Cfjiada Southern.. 2.300 87% 85% kks!
Cries &. Ohio 300 47 47 ie«
CM & Alton 600 36% 85% 85W
Cli : & Alton preffl. 1OO . 76?* 76% 76
CM, Ind & Louis..- 900 61% 6l2 st«
CrXI&LpreM * ?i?f
Ctl & E Illinois r.vl " 135
c & a West 4.600 23% 23*" 23
C & G West A pfd W - £?
C & G West B pfd. 5,400 . 46% 45% - 4514
C1U & N W 4O0 209 208 209
C. R I &¦ Pacific. 3,400 157% 155% 158
Chi T & Trans. ... 500 17% 17 17
Chi T & Trans pfd 200 32% 32U n
C. C. C & St Louis. 100 97 97 ju$
Colo Southern 1.000 15U. 14% u «
Colo So 1st prefd. 13.500 61^ 605? GO it
Colo So 2d prefd... 800 28% 28& S2
Dtla & Hudson ... 4.»00 182 17914 i;!H4
Del, L & West.... 200 257% 257 u 25^
Den & R Grande '* ./* ¦ « A
Dtn & R G prefd 400 092% V* ' ' m
Erie 9,100 42% 41% 41%
Erie 1st prefd 4.500 74y. 731? 731?
Erie 2d prefd...:.. 1O0 61 60% 60«4
Cireat ICor prefd... -86
Hocking Valley .. 000 C9% o " ~(&v.
Hocking Val prefd. 200 83% - 83 wil
Illinois Central . . . 1.400 109»i 139% 139%
towa Central -.-. jjsi?
luwi Cent prefd 72iz
t. E & West ..... 600- 71- 70 68
l/E & W«f prefd 125
Louis & Nashville. 1,600 1O6>4 105% 105%
Manhattan h 127.400 140% 1S7% 138%
V:etropolltan St Ry 11.100 165% 163% J63U
k^xican Central... 2,600 28% 27% 27%
CHICAGO, Jan. 9. — Numerous bullish condi
tions conspired with yesterday's curb strength
to send wheat up by rapid Jumps at the open
ing. Continued reports of the desperate condi
tion of the winter crops from lack - of moisture
had as much aa anything to do with the situa
tion. Cables were up a little and receipts were
small. Professionals at once set to buying
heavily and commission houses put a flood of.
buying orders in the pit. May opened* %©%<}
higher at 84%@S4%c and soon advanced to
84%c. ' Thereafter tho changes were numer
ous. Uncertainty regarding the Government
crop report to-morrow set traders to guessing
and when several large professionals began
selling for profits and numerous commission
houses followed their lead prices slid down
ward. There were several rallies, but tho
heaviness in corn and May . wheat helped to
depress prices. May closed weak, %@%c
lower, at the bottom figure. for the day — 83%@
83%c. - - ¦-. "T-
Corn was active on a declining market.
Commission houses sold on the wheat break and
May slid down to a weak close, %@%c off,- at
ti6%@6C%c. . -,. ...
Bullish activity in July options gave the
oats pit material strength for some time after
the opening. July opened lc higher, but In
sympathy -with . the break - In wheat and - on
short selling sank back and closed with %c
net gain at 41%@41%c. . . .
Provisions were quiet.. May pork closed un
changed and ribs and lard a shade lower. -
The leading futures ranged as follows:
• Angeles . do,' io@17%e; -Dried Okra, 12%©15o
per lb; Carrots, '35@50e per sack; Cucumbers,
50@73c ; hothouse do, 75c@$l 60 per dozen ;
Garlic. -l%@2V«c; Los Angeles Green -Peptwrs,
15c; Egg Plant - from ¦ Los • Angeles. 15@20c;
Summer Squash : from Los> Angeles, $1@1 50;
Marrowfat - Squash, $S@10 per ton ; • Hubbard
Squash, $8@10; Mushrooms, nominal. '
Poultry and Game.
Allklnds of Poultry are quoted Ingood de
mand and firm at unchanged prices. Two cars
of ; Eastern : came" in, making 6 thus far this
week. Arrivals of local stock are light.
Game IS also firm. Receipts were 85 sacks.
POULTRY:— Dressed ' Turkeys, 16@lSc;
Live Turkeys. 12@13c for Gobblers ' and 13@14c
for Hens; Geese,"., per pa jr. $1 60@l 75; • Gos
lings. $1 75©2;. Ducks, $4' 50@5 for old and $6
@7 for young; Hens., $4 50@5; young Roosters,
$4 50@5 60; old Roosters, $4 25@4 75-. Fryers.
$4 50@5; Broilers, $4@5 for large and $3@4 for
small; Pigeons. $1 25@1 60 per. dozen for old
and $1 76@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $3; Canvasback,$3@4; Sprig, $1 73@2;
Teal, $1 25<j2)l 60; .Widgeon, $1 25@1 50; Small
Ducks, $1 25; Black Jack. $1 25; English
Snipe, $2;. Jack Snipe, $1 60; Gray Geese, $3;
White Geese. $1@1 25; Brant, $1 50@2 per doz
en; Honkers, $3@4 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
While stocks of fresh bjitter are not large
the market is quiet, as the retailers are still
running on cold storage goods and the-whole
salers are pushing the sale of, these goods -to
clear up the liberal stocks. ' Hence fresh But
ter is given the cold shoulder at present.
Prices stand about the same. <. ., . .
Eggs are being sold freely again and holders
are marking down the goods slightly to work
off their stocks.- Some of the commission mer
chants have sent out their salesmen with orders
to sell . at any reasonable offer. Several re
port large and Increasing stocks, but most
houses are not heavily supplied.
Cheese continues weak under liberal sup
plies. V .
Receipts were 24,200 pounds of Butter,
pounds . of Eastern Butter, 375 cases . of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 28,100 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 24@2Cc per lb for
fancy and 20@23c for seconds; dairy, 17% @
22c; . store Butter, 14® 17c per lb: Creamery
Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg, 16@18c
CHEESE— New, ll%@12c: old, 10@llc;
Young America, 13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS — Ranch, S0@31c for selected large,
2S@29c for good to choice and 27%c for fair;
store, 24@26c per dozen; cold storage, 20@25c;
Eastern, 20@20c. *.;
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
; About four cars of Oranges will be offered at
to-day's auction. '
Mexican Limes are still higher, as expected.
The old stock Is cleaned up and supplies of
fresh goods are 'light.'.
Apples and Pears remain unchanged.
DECIDUOUS ' FRUITS.
APPLES — $1 50@l 75 per box for extra, 75c
@1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, 75c@$l 50. -
PEARS— Winter kinds, 75c@$2 60 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50c per box.
— CRA-NBERRIES — Coos Bay,' $2 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 76c@$l 50
for standards. $1 75@2 25 for choice and $2.60
@3 for fancy; Seedlings, r>Oc@$l; Tangerines,
$( 25@1 50; Japanese Mandarins, 75c@$l:
Lemons. 50c@$l for common and $1@2 for good
to choice, and $2 25@2 50 for — fancy; Grape
Fruit, $1@3; Mexican Limes, 7$5@5 '50; Ba
nanas, $1 75@2 75 per bunch for. New Orleans
and $1@1 75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen. "•
Dried Fruits, Nuts and- Raisins.
The market continues flrm. Stocks of Peaches
on the coast are said not to exceed 150 cars.
Evaporated Apples continue very strong.
- Another car of Italian Chestnuts is in, selling
at the quotations below.
FRUITS — Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@ 13c for standard to fancy. Moorparksf Evap
orated Apples, 7%@8%c; sun-dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears. 4%@8%c; Plums,
pitted, 4@0%c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 6@
6%c for red and 6%@6%c for white; Figs, 4c
for black and 60075c per box for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6@6%c; 40-50's. 4>%@5%c; 50-60's. 4%
@4%ic; 60-70-s, 3%@4%c; 70-SO's, 3%@3%c;
SO-90's. 2%@3%c: 00-100's, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters:
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $175; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,'
$1 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 5%c; three
crown, 5%c; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas,,- 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 0%c;- Bleached Sultanas — Fancy,
8%c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, 5%c;
unbleached Sultanas, 6c. Bleached Thompson's
— Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c;' choice, 9c;
standard. 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 7c;
choice seeded,' 6%c; do, in bulk, fancy, 6%c;
choice,' 6%c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell,
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for naper
ehell, 9@10c for softshell and C@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll©13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 60@5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted,
6@tic; light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Provisions.
There was heavy selling of Lard at 'Chicago
yesterday and the whole Provision market waa
easy there. Here the market was dull and
featureless. . '
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light,
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c: California
Hams, 11 %c; Mess Beef, $l0@10 50 per barrel;
extra Mess, $ll@ll 50; Family, $12@12 50;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear. $22 60@23;
Mess, $18 60@19; Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per
pound. . -
I LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half barrels,
pure. ll%c;-10-lb tins, 12%c; 8-lb tins, 12?ic:
3-lb tins, 12%c. ...
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel -10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one.tlerce. 9%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The annual review of Philip Wolf & Co.
places the 1901 Pacific Coast Hop crop at about
135.000 bales, against 155,000 for: 1900 and 175..
000 for 1899. Hardly, one-tenth of the output
of 1901 is left In growers* hands. The growers
received 7%@12%c per pound.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and. brands sell
about* l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, ,11c; medium. 10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and • 9c ' for light;
Stags, ,7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 18@18%c; Culls and
Brands, 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c
each; short Wool. 40®60c each: medium, 650
75c; long Wool, S0c@$l 10 each; Horse/Hides,
salt, $2 75@3 for large and $2 50 for medium,
$1 75@2 for ' email and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; ' winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; ; large and
-smooth.' D0c: medium 35c. • -
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5}4@6c'per lb;
No.2, ,4%@5c; prease, 2%@3c
':; WOOL— Fall, San < Joaquln. 6@8c; San Joa
quin'Lambs', 7%@S%c; Middle County, 8@10c'
per .lb;- Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c; do
fall, 14@15c per lb. \- . .'
¦ HOPS — 9@10c for fair .. and . 11012c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
for shipment.
San Francisco Meat Market.
'¦ There la . nothing ' new to report.' . The mar
ket Is steady as a rule, though there Is no up
ward tendency. In anything. .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
areas follows: : . - : . ••
BEEF — 7%@Sc for Steers and 6%@7o per
lb for Cows..-, . - - -
¦¦VEAL — Large, 7@8c; small, , 8@10c per • lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes. 7@Sc per
•LAMB— 9@£%c, per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, from .150 to 250 lbs, 6c;
under 150 lbs. 5%@5*&c; bows. 20 per cent off
boars, > 30 per cent off. and - stags 40 ¦ per cent
off from the above -quotations; dressed Hogs
7@8%c. •-'-:. "\ , -: . '¦ . ; ;'
, General Merchandise.
¦ GRAIN bags— Calcutta Grain Bags. .7e: lo
cal make." %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32®35c; Fleece .Twine, 7%@8c. \
... COAL— Wellington/- $9 ; . per ton; Southfleld
.Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7: Bryant, $G 60: Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. - $8 50; * Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 50; . Cumberland, ' $12 < in ' bulk and
$13.25 in sacks; Pennsylvania 'Anthracite Egg
$15;Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in
bulk and $17 in sacks;- Rocky Mountain de
scriptions.- $S 45 per : 2000 lbs ; and $8 50 - per
ton, ; according to brand. ~ : - -.- •- '¦---,.
. OILS — Calif ornia^Castor Oil, In ; cases No " 1
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed OH, In barrels, boiled
72c ; 1 raw, 1 70c ; cases. * 5c more ; ' Lucol, ¦ 6Cc for
boiled, and f 54c for . raw In barrels ; ' Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c: cases'," 90c •
China Nut,- 65@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.'
in barrels, ¦ 70c; i cases, 75c; Sperm, - pure % 65c
.Whale Oil, -. natural • white.-- 40@45c ¦ per gallon •
¦ Fish OH, . barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%c; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels. , 63%c • for Ceylon • and 68%c f or
Australian. •' ' ¦ -'-.' . • \
'"» COAL^.OIL— Water -White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13%c;? Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral,"-, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene,
Chicago Grain Market.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 9—5 p. m.
Tte following are the seasonal rainfalls to
flate as compared with those of same date last
season and the rainfall in the last twenty-four
hours :
• . Last 24 This Last
Stations— Hours. Season. Season.
Fun-lea 0.00 15.34 27. S5
Red Bluff":'. 0.00 10.36 12.90
0.00 6.33 10.00
Ran Francisco 0.00 5.94 10.91
Fresno 0.00 3.25 6.94
Independence 0.00 1.34 5.00
San Luis Cblspo.... 0.00 * 4.56 20.53
Los Angeles 0.00 2.46 ..SG
6an Diego 0.00 0-77 2.45
>Ean Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
49; minimum, SS; mean, 44. \'_ -h L*:'*'. '¦-'¦.'• '¦:' '
THE COAST RECORD.
Temperature — 7 a. m., 42 degrees.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Borxin 28-22 Omaha 68-32
Cincinnati 60-S2 Duluth 40-30
Philadelphia .....34-30 Chicago 42-34
New York 34-2S Salt Lake City... 30-26
Kansas City 60-S8 St. Louis C2-44
Jacksonville 66-44 Washington .....44-22
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
"FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northwestern portion of the country. Generally
clear weather prevails over California, -with
cloudy weather in Orecon and along the Wash
ington coast.
No rain has fallen in California and but lit
tle rain west of the Rocky Mountains.
Light to heavy frosts are likely to occur Fri
day morning generally through California.
FDrecast made at San Francisco for thirty
bou:-s ending midnight, January 10, 1902:
Northern California — Fair Friday, with fog
In tie morning along the coast; light northerly
winds ; not so cold.
Southern California — Fair Friday, with light
to heavy frosts In the morning; light northerly
win Ss.
Nevada— Fair Friday; contnlued cool, light
northerly winds.
Eu Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday,
¦wltS fog In the morning; light northerly winds,
changing to easterly: not eo cold.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Exchange and Bullion.
The only change yesterday was a further ad
vance'In New York Exchange. '
Sterling Exchange, CO days..... „— $4 S4%
Sterling Exchange, -sight. ...... — 4 S7%
Sterling Cables --—¦ 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight.... — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraph — 10
Silver, per ounce ' — 60 !
Mexican Dollars 44% @ 45
Wheat and Other Grains.
./ ..
WHEAT — The foreign markets ruled firm.
Chicago opened. firm and advanced. The
market was very active. Indifferent cables
were offset by decreasing receipts, dry weather
and heavy .country buying. Wires to Bolton,
De Ruyter & Co. from Chicago said - that the
country were still the best buyers, but there
were too many professional longs taking profits
for the bulls to hold the market up. Wall
street was a heavy buyer, there were free ex
port sales at Duluth and an Improved demand
for flour at Minneapolis. ..The Cincinnati Price
Current said that the plant was tender in some
localities, and that the farmers were selling
their live stock and holding their grain, prin
cipally wheat. In fact, - the Kansas farmers
now say that they will not sell another bushel
of wheat until the crop has more moisture, or
there is assurance of another crop. 1 In conse
quence all the mills in Southern Kansas are
idle. ' ¦-
Toward the close of the session the Chicago
market became easier on - the announcement
that the Government report would be Issued
to-day, and that It i would confine itself to an
estimate of the average ¦ yield per acre ¦ and
the area of new winter wheat, giving no esti
mate of bushels.
This market was not materially changed,
though futures were higher.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 06%@l 07%; mill
ing. $1 0S%@1.10 per. cU.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal > Seeslon — 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000
Ctls $1 10%; 20,000, $1 10%; 6000. 1 10%.
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 10%;
2000, $1 10%." December — 2000. $1 11%. j
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls.
$110%. December— 10,000, $111%; 2000,
$1 11%.
Afternoon Session— May — 62,000 ctls, $1 11;
16,000, $1 11%; 24,000. $1.11%; 30,000, $1 11%.
Decembei' — 2000 $1 12.
¦ BARLEY — The market rules flrm, : with ' 85c
generally ¦ asked for - the best f eed, , though ¦ no
sales at this figure have yet been : reported, i";'
There was increased activity on , call . in the
afternoon at advanced quotations. .''. 1 - ¦-•-, ¦.
. Feed. 83%®85c for choice bright 81%®S2%c
for No.' 1 and 80c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, ! 87%@90c: Chevalier.. S5c@$l
per ctl. ' - * . ¦' ¦. .-¦
' CALL BOARD SALES. -
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No Bales.
: Second Session — No sales.
*i Regular Morning Session— No sales.
'¦ -Afternoon Session — May — 4000 ctls, .84c; 2000.
84%c; 6000, 84%c; 18,000, 84%c.
: OATS— The market Is getting Interesting
again. There was enormous selling j for July
delivery at Chicago yesterday, while the Gov
ernment is opening bids at San Francisco.
Portland and Tacoma for something like 10.000
tons for army account.' The bids at Portland
ranged from $131 to $1 62, •• ¦ equivalent ¦• to
$1 43% and $1 64% for white Oats 'In this
market. The San Francisco bids ranged from
$1 33 to $1 65. The awards : will not be an
nounced for some days. .- The market ¦ Is very
stiff, dealers are . exacting very top prices for
everything, and any marked demand would
probably send prices up still further. Grays,
$1 20@l 27%; whites, $1 20@l 40; Surprise,
$1 40@l 42%: black.. $1 10@l 20 for feed and
$1 20@l 30 for seed; red, $1 25@1 35 par cU for
feed and $1 32%@1 40 foreeed. .
CORN — This is the dullest cereal . In this
market, offerings being light and the demand
very - slack. Quotations remain unchanged.
Large yellow. $1 35@1 40; small round do,
$1 45: white, $1 30@l 35 per ctl. : , ¦
RYE — Is still higher and very flrm at 82%@
85o per ctl. Offerings are very light.
BUCKWHEAT — Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs. - ' .
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 60®
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 50:
Oregon, $2 75@3 per barrel for family and %3<R
3 25 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers'. $3@>
3 25.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows. ¦ usual discount to the trade: • Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour,' $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $3 25:
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $0 859
8 35; in sacks. $6 60@S: Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
. ..Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay is stiff. Fine Wheat Is now selling up
to $13, and a car of gilt-edged sold up to $13 60.
but. this figure Is above the market, V as ; the
car was one in a thousand. If the rain holds
oft much longer a further advance is likely.
. Feedstuff s remain as before.
BRAN— $18@19 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $19@20 50 per ton. ' "'*-•"¦ ¦
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled' Barley, $17 5O@1S 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Job
bing.. $28 50@23; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal, $31@31 50; . Cracked Corn.' $31<50@32;
Mixed Feed,. $16 C0®17 50. . . i .
.HAY— Wheat; $9@12; fancy, ' $12 50013;
Wheat, and Oat. $9@12 50: Oat, $3 50@ll 50;
Barley .and Oat. $8010; Alfalfa $8@10; Clover,
$6 50@7 60; .Volunteer. $C@8 60; Stock. $6®
7 50 per I ton.
STRAW— 30@47%c per bale..-.
Beans and Seeds. .
: The situation remains unchanged. While
Beans are dull, ' there are some carload sale?
being made' for Texas and the Territories, and
any increase | in - 1 these orders j would probably
advance the market, as holders are ' firm. rr.
BEANS — Bayos.- $2 50f?2 <><>;¦ Small •¦ \Vblt<"..
$3<g>3 25; Large "White, ?2 00@3 10; Pea, $3 60
@4: . Pink. -;$::<jz>2 20; Red. $2 5003; Blaclceye,
$3 '50(0-3 65; Limas, $1 50@4 C5; Red Kidneys,
$3 50@3 75. per ctl. ¦ .
¦-¦ i SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow"
Mustard $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 40@2 CO; Ca
nary.. 3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, * from.
Utah, 8%c; •; Rape, - lK@I%c; Hemp, 3%c per
pound. . . : . • »- .• .- ¦ ,
. DRIED PEAS— Nlles, (1 25@1 65;: Green,
$1 25@1 60. per ctl. ¦ •
Potatoes; Onions and Vegetables.
„; Onions are ; rather disappointing 8om,e of the
speculators, as : they are not realizing expecta
tions " as : to ¦• prices. 7. They :• have • ruled .. rather
easy. for some little. time. 1 '
Potatoes are ; In' moderate receipt and flrm.
: String .Beans; continue^ scarce. . Arrivals of
Peas' and Beans yesterday, were light and in
good ', condition. There were . more l or I less car
ried-over Peas orrerlng. however. - '¦- •:¦¦¦
-'Inferior. Asparagus from the river was offer
1 ing at 15c per 1*t '"~*~ii**-tvtrirf7HiinrirTM iwf »i« m fl
POTATOKS — 8Oc@$l 10 for' Burbanka from
the/ river; Salinas Burbanka, $1 30@l 65;-Ore
gon. ¦:;¦¦ Burbanks, . $1 25@1 05;- Oregon : . Garnet
Chiles,: $1 40@l, 50;' -River Reds,: $1 45@1 60;
Early; Rose.. lor seed, $1 05@l 25; Sweets, $1S
1 10 for Merced."- . ,- : , ¦¦.:,?..
. ONIONS— $1 50@l .75 per ctl; Oregons, $1 50
1 : VEGETABLES— Green , Peas from Los An
geles,' 4@6c ; String 'Beans ; from Loa i Angeles,
15@17%c ; Cabbage. 40@5Oc per cU ; I Los Ange
les t.Tomatoes;. $1@1 60 4 per .box'and $1@1 75
per. crate ; Dried , Peppers, 9@12 %c per lb; , Los
! Mexican National.. 2,400 15>4 14% 15
Minn & St Louis.. 200 10S 107% 107^6
Missouri Pacific .. 11,800 103 101% 101%
M, K & Texas 100 25% 25% 27%
M, K & Tex prefd. 200 62% 62 62
New Jersey Central 192
New York Central. 1.300 160Vi 165 165
Nor & West 2,900 67% 67 57%
Nor & West prefd. 400 92 .92 91%
Ontario & Western 3,500 35 34% 34%
Pennsylvania 3,600 149% 149% 149%
Reading 3,600 57% 56%'' 50
Reading 1st prefd- 300 82% 82 82
Heading 2d prerd.. 8.700 C5% 03% (i3%
St L & S F 6.700 02 00% 61%
St L & S F 1st pfd 64
Pt L & S F 2d pfd 5.500 75% 75 75%
&t Louis S W 100 20% 26% 26%
St Louis S W pfd. 500 58% 67% . 67%
St Paul ....13,000 165% 163 163
St Paul prefd 187
Southern Pacific... 15,400* 61 60 60
Southern Railway.. 3,700 33% 38% 33%
Southern Ry prefd. 2.600 93% oJ% 93%
Texas & Pacific... 100 39% 39% 39
T, St L & W .* . 19
T. St. L & W prefd 600 30 36 35%
Union Pacific 95,100 104% 102% 102%
Union Pacific pfd. 1,400 90% 89% 89%
AVabash 3.700 23% 22% 22%
Wabash pfd 7.300 43% 42% 42%
Wheel & L E 600 18% IS 18%
W & L E 2d pfd .... 80
Wisconsin Central. 300 20% 20% 20%*
Wls Cent pfd 600 41 40% 40
Express Companies —
Adams .... .... 200
American 215
United States 700 107 106% 106
Wells Fargo 190
M i seel laneous —
Amal Copper 41,600 71% 69% 69%
Amer Car & Foun.' 1.700 80% S0% 30%
Amer; C & F pfd. 2,300 8S% 87% 88
Amer Lin Oil... 15
Amer Lin OH pfd 100 45 45 43%
Amer S & Ref 800 46% 45% 45%
Ancer S & Ref pfd i 96%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 400 81 30% 30%
Brooklyn Rapid T. 17.300 67% 65% ¦ 65%
Colorado Fuel & I. 100 86% 86% 85%
Consolidated Gas : . .... • .... 217
Con Tobacco pfd 115
General Electric .. 200 281 2S1 278
Glucose Sugar .... 1.200 41% 41 41
Hooking Coal ..... 15
International Paper 100 20% 20% 20%
Inter Paper pfd... 425 77 75% 75%
International Power 87
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit . . 700 45% 45 45
National Lead 10
National Salt .... /f .. 28
National Salt pfd 61
North American ... 100 92 92 92
Pacific Coast 500 73V V 73% 72
Pacific Mail 2.800 47% 47 47
Peopled Gas 400 103% ¦ 102% 102%
Pressed Steel Car.. 200 41% ¦ 40% 40V.
Pressed Steel C pfd 300 84% 84% Si 7
Pullman Pal Car.. 300 217 217 216"
Republic Steel 1,400 17% 16% 16V»
Republic Steel pfd. 400 69% 69% 69%
Sugar 76,500 125% 122% 122%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 700 64% 64 64
Union B & P Co 13%
Union B & P C pfd 600 73% 73 72%
U S Leather 1,700 12 11% 11%
U S Leather pfd. 200 81% 81% 81%
U S Rubber 100 14% 14% 14
U S Rubber pfd.. 100 51 51 50
U 6 Steel 81.300 44% 41% 43%
U S Steel pfd 21,400 95% 94% »4%
Western Union 300 91% 91% 91
Araer Loco 1,500 83 " » 82 82%
Amer Loco prfd.. 1,700 92% 92 03%
Total sales 095,000 Shares.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s. Hocking Val 4%s.lO7%
reg i.10S% L & Nash uni 4s. 101%
do coup .-. 108% Mex Cent 4s 82%
do 3s reg 107% do 1st lnc .. 32%
do coup 10S% Minn & St L 4s...lO4U
•do new 4s reg..l39'/s Uf K & 4s.... 98%
do coup 133% do 2ds 83%
do old 4s reg... 111% N Y Cent lsts...lO2%
flo coup 111% do gen 8%s 108
ao 6s reg 107% N J Cent gen 5s.. 133%
do coup 107% North Pac 4s 104%
Atchlson gen 4s..l0t do 3s 74
do adj 4s 95% Norf & W con 4s. 103
Bait & Ohio 4s... 103% Reading gren 4s.. 98%
do 3%s 95% St L & I M c 6s. 117%
do conv 4s 105% Et I. & S F 4s 96^*
Can South 2ds 111 Si L SW lsts 90%*
Cent of Ga 6s 10S do 2ds 77%
do 1st inc 77 S A & Ar Pass 4s 87%
Ches & Ohio 4%s. 107 South Pac 4s 93%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84% South Ry 5s 120%
C B & Q new 4s. m% Tex & Pac lsts.. 119%
C M & St P g 4s.H0 Tol St L & W 4s. 83%
C & NW con 7s.. 140 Union Pac 4«....104%
C R I & Pac 4s.. 105% Union P conv 4s.lO6%
C C C & StL e 4s.lO2% Wabash lsts 11S%
Chi Term 4s SS do 2ds ........ .114U
Colo & South 4s.. 92*» do deb B 68%'
Den & R G 48. ..101% West Shore 4s. ..112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 100 • Wheel & L E 4s. 91%
do gen 4s.. §9% Wis Cent 4s 89
Ft W & D C lsts. 107% Con Tob 4s 65%
NEW YORK MINING STOcks.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 10
Alice 45 Ontario 8 60
Breece' 75 Ophir 85
Brunswick Con... 08 Phoenix 05
Comstock Tunnel. 05% Potosl 12
Con Cal & Va 1 60 Savage 08
Doadwood Terra.. 60 Sierra Nevada.... 20
Horn Silver . . 1 90i Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver ...... CO Standard 3 60
Leadvllle Con 05 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — do prefd .../... 94%
Call loans 4%@5% Mining— .
Time loans 5%@6 Adventure ..19%
Bonds— Allouez ........... 2)1
Atchlson 4s 102 Amalgamated ...'69fe
Gas lsta 80 Baltic 36%
Mex Cent 4s 82. Blngham ....:... 24 •
N E G.& Coke... 66 Calumet & Hecla.090
Railroads — Centennial I23i
Atchlson 78% Copper Range 64
do prefd 89% Dom Coal BGV>
Boston & Albany. 262 Franklin .': 12%
Boston & Maine.. 191% Isle Royale 21 Xi
Boston Elevated.. 160 Mohawk. 2yiZ
N Y N H & H...211 Old Dominion 23
Fitchburgr prefd. .144 Osceola 82%
Union Pac :.102% Parrot .....;... 2aii
Mex Cent 27% Qulncy 13
Miscellaneous— Santa Fe Copper. 3
Am Sugar 122% Tamarack .......255
Am Tel & Tel 160»i Trlmountaln ... "l
Dom Iron & Steel. 26 Trinity 14M
Gen Electric • 280 United States ... 14
Mas Electric..... 35% Utah ....'22^
do prefd 102% Victoria 5 ,
K E G & Coke... 6 Winona ......... iu
United Fruit SS Wolverine ...;.-. 54 U
US Steel 44% .. „ ----- *
London closing stocks/
Consols for money 93% X Y Cent ..'......171
flo for acct...93 9-lC N'orf & West . 69
Anaconda .'. 6% do prefd ....... 93V.
Atchison .: 81% North Pac pfd... 102'
do prefd 105Vi Ont & Western... 359i
Bait & Ohio ..108 Pennsylvania. 76%
Can Pac ....118U Reading . "29Vi
Ches & Ohio 48 do 1st prefd.... 42
Chi & Gt West... 24 - , do 2d prefd..... 33
C M & St Paul... 169% Southern Ry .. . 34«
Den & R G....... 45% do prefd ........ 06
¦ do prefd 94% Southern Pac ... 62%
Erie ...• 43% Union Pac ...... .lOCU
do 1st prefd 76 do prefd ... »2
do 2d prefd.... 62 U S Steel 45U
111 Central 143«i do prefd ....... 97??
Louis & Nash.... 108% Wabash ...:... 23
IS. K & T. ...'26J4 do prefd ....... 44
do prefd ....... 54 Spanish 4s ....... 76%"
Bar silver, steady.' 25%d per ounce. Money
2g2»,4 percent. ' ' ,?MS(««Hsfefc»~ . .'
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 3 1-10 per cent. •-
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills is 3@3% per cent.
London- Market.
NEW YORK. Jan.. 9.— The Commercial .Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram gays :
The stock market to-day was slack on real
izing tales in : anticipation of Monday's settle
ment. Consols remained dull, but ¦ opinion ¦" is
divided as to the prospects for a ¦ war > loan.
Some are inclined to think • that ' it will ¦, be
fttaved off until the April budget, ¦ while others
«xpect an early; Issue of a '.Transvaal guaran
teed 3 per cent loan. In . the ' copper • depart
ment, Rio Tintos spurted to. 40%;, copper to
NEW TORK, Jan. ».— FLOUR— Receipts,
19.875 barrels; exports, 8119 barrels; well sus
tained, but very dull on account of the wheat
decline. .. y
WHEAT— Receipts, 28.500 bushels; exports,
26,500 bushels. ; Spot was easy; No. 2 red,
iiKj-^c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 92%c elevator:
No. 1 Northern Duluth, S9V*c f. o. • b. • afloat r
No. 1 hard Duluth, 89>4c f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions early In the day displayed strength and
activity, touching high points of the season.
Shorts covered freely. Crop news was bull
ish, receipts small and English cables flrm.
The trade over-bought, however, | and soon
taking of profits caused afternoon heaviness
and prices closed %@%c net lower, or u.c off
from the top. March, 89fc,@90c. closed 89%c;
May, 68#@89 7-10c, closed SS^c; July, SS'i®
Rite, closed 88%c. "
HOPS — Quiet.
HIDES — Steady.
WOOL — Dull. z . .';. "'•:-,
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice.
C%c; mild, quiet: Cordova, 7&@llc. Futures
closed steady ani net unchanged to 5 points
lower. Sales. 38,750 bags .including: ' Janu
ary, 6.25@6.35c; March. 6.40c; April. 6.45c;
May, 0.55c; June. 6.65c; July, 6.75@6.80c;
August, 6.85c; September, 6.90@6.95c.
SUGAR— Raw. dull; fair refining, 3 l-16c;
centrifugal, 06 test, 3 9-16c; molasses sugar,
2 13-16c. Refined was quiet.
DRIED FRUITS. -
There was some call for medium grades of
Tvaporated Apples at unchanged prices. Other
grades were also unchanged and steady, but
quiet. State, common to good, 7@8%c; prime,
9Vf>@>9%c: choice. 9%@10c: fancy, 10%@llc.
No changes were noted in California dried
fruits, which showed considerable firmness.
PRUNES— 3% @7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 8%@
13c. .
PEACHES — Peeled, ll@20c; unpeeled, 7%@
12%c.
£47 JOs the ton, on English buying. , although
It looked to.be buying by Americans. The
market idly dwindled. A revival of interest
Is regarded as impossible unless there Is an
Important drop In the present boom prices. The
close was at the lowest, but Union Pacific
spurted toward the close.
The market has repaid 614,000,000. as the
bank returns show. ¦ . -
Nezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— Money on call Is firm
at 4g£5l£ per cent; closed bid and' offered at
4@4^ per cent; prime mercantile paper, 5@5V4
per cent; sterling exchange Is steady, with ac
tual business In bankers'- bills at $4 87%@
4 S7U for demand and $4 84% for sixty days;
posted rates. $4 S5@4 SS; commercial bills,
$4 S3%©4 83%; bar silver, 56%c; Mexican dol
lars, 44V4c; bonds — Government, flrm; State,
Inactive; railroad. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
-WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the gen
eral fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold
reserve In the division of redemption, shows:
mi'lAo'lei** 1 * baIanceB> $173,334,496; gold.
bert (both nee Becker), lot. on N lino of Oak
street, 165 W of Buchanan. W 27:6 by N 120;
gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Eliza
E. Gordon, lot on S line of Sacramento street.
137:6 E of Devlsadero, E 137:0 by S 127:8ft;
Timothy J. and Anne Sheehan to Margaret
Schlegei. lot on E line of Baker street. 137:8
S of Page. S 0:2% by E 121:10%: $50.
Cora F. Kosclalowski (wife of P. L.) to
Julia L. Taylor (widow), lot on W line of
Broderick street, 110 N of Sutter. N 27:8 by
W 137:6; $10.
Same to Philip L. Koscialowekl. same; $10.
Fanny Martin to William Martin, lot on N
line of California street. 165 W of Broderick.
W 27:6 by N 132:7%; gift.
William Martin to Alice M. Martin (daugh
ter), same: gift.
Stewart A. Barr to Maggie E. Bait, lot oa
N line of Washington street, 81:3 W of Baker.
W 25 by N 102:8%: rift.
Otto F. and Josephine Grundel to George E.,
Frank R-. Alice C. and Anna C. Kolppenoera.
lot on SE corner of Waller and Pierve street*.
E 30 by S 90, Hospital Lot:. $10.
Charles A. and Ada W. Shurtleff to John VT.
Farren Jr., lot on E Una of First avenue,
50.32 N of Tyler, N 25.18 by E 100r-$10.
Jacob and Sophia H. Brandt to William J.
and Angela I* O'Leary. lot on W line of Cen
tral avenue. 88:4% S of Clay street. S 42. W
S6:3, N 130:4%, E 20:5. S 88:4%. E 65:10; $10.
Sarah Dixon to Sarah A. Hartnett (Dlxon).
Lucy Dlxon, Mary Easton (Dlxon). Samuel W.
Dlxon. Thomas R-. Walter O.. John E., Jamea
and Joseph Dixon, lot on S line of Pacific
street. 137:6 E of Leavenworth, E 23 by 8
Joseph B. and Maggie Clark to Otto Lost
bom, lot on N line of Twenty-first street, 160
W of Harrison. W 0:1%, N M0. S 100 to be
ginning; $30.
Julia McSweeney (widow) to George and
Christina Voelker. lot on STV corner of San
chez and Thirteenth streets, W SO by S 28; $10.
James W and Mary Smith to Oscar J. Joly.
lot on W line of Noe street. 100 S of Eight
eenth, S 25 by W 125: $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Ed
ward H. Perry, lot on E line of Castro street,
60 N of Henry. N 20. by E 100; $2300.
Florence B. Moore (formerly Florence Blyth*
Hlnckley) to Bankers* Investment Company (a
corporation), lot on S line of Geary street. 40
E of Grant avenue. S 50. E 20, S 20, W 60, S
205 E 40:1%. NE 14.5:8, NW 28:2%, N 165:1%
W 104:3%, 60-vara lot 905 and 900 and Brooks
way and all the Interest In 50-"vara 905 andDOtt.
second party assumes mortgage for $500,000,
held by Mutual Life Insurance Company of
New York: $1,205,000.
Catherine Stevens (widow) to John P. Crisa
lia, lot on S line of California street, 137:6 S
of Hyde, E 27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Israel S. and Hannah Cohen to Frederlckea
Folger. lot on S line of O'Farrell street, 115 .3
of Hyde. E 22:6 by S 77:6; $10. \
Richard and Kate Gould to Mary J. Gould
(single), lot on SW line of Baldwin court. 200
NW of Folsom street, NW 15 by SW 40; $10.
Mary, Theresa, William, Thomas, James and
Frank Smith to W. F. Williamson, lot on NK
line of Langton street. 217 SE Of Bryant. SS 24
by NE 80; $500. > .
Francis P. and Susan K. Brady to Catherine
E. Wilson, lot on NW line of Folsom street,
250 NE of Ninth, NE 25 by NW 90; $10.
Ortencey I. Thomas to Louise Lovie Thomas,
lot on W line of Utah street. 75 S of Santa
Clara. S 25 by W 100; $10.
Mary L. Jordan (Treanor) to "William Spreen,
lot on E line of Fifth avenue, 300 N of Clement
street. N 50 by E 120; $10.
J. W, Wright & Sons Investment Company
to Jane A. Hazzard. lot on E line of Forty
second avenue, 100 N of O street. N 60 by B
240; $10.
John Clark to W. F. 'Williamson, com
mencing on shore line of San Francisco bay at
stake 4 distant 1 chain from N line of Tobin.
SE 3.70 chains, NE 10.60 chains. NW 3.62
chains, SW 11.40 chains, containing 3.96 acres;
also lot on SE corner of Mllllken and Tobln
streets. SW 3.40 chains, SE 15 chains, NE 4.25
chains, NW 17.58 chains, containing 5.53 acres;
also lot on SW corner of Tobin and Mllllken
streets. SW 6.02 chains. NW 28.42 chains. NE
6.2 chains, SE 28.42 chains, containing 17.05
acres; also lot on W line of Schwerin street.
14.73 chains N Walbridge. NE 4.91 chains NW
70.30 chains, SW 5.20 chains, SE 69.48 chains,
containing 34.31 acres: also lot commencing at
a point bearing N 34% degrees W from post
11. distant 7.30. thence NW 23.80 chains. SE
10.20 chains, SW 14.35 chains, containing 13. 7T
acres; also all Interest In premises described in
673 D. 378: $10. ' 'Jf
Lizzie Parker to Edward Archer, " lot on S
line of Rutledge avenue. 80 E of Columbia
street. S 85 by E 50. lots 31 and 32, Harris
Map 2, Precita Valley, lots 202 and 203; J1O.
Thomas J. Marks to Leo I. or Leo J. Mark:*
lots 3 and 14. block 433, Bay View Homestead
Association; $10.
Leo J. Marks to Helen J. Marks, same; $10.
William and Emma Miller to Ellen G Phil
lips, riot 31. block 2, DeBoom Tract; $10.
Ann Smart to Jamea H. Bayer and James
Anderson. lot 1501, Gift Map 3; $10.
Ellen Silk to Anna D. Joost, lots 2284 and
22C5. Gift Map 4: $10^
Allen H. Piper et al. (by G. H. TTmbsen.
referee) to Florida Wllcoxsen, lot on S line
of Bush street. 212:6 W of Larkra, W 25 by
S 120; $3G0O.
William F. "Whlttler to Katherlne E. "Walsh,
Marie J. Gagan and Clara O. Maddox, lot on
N line of Union street. 24. 4t E of Franklin
E 25 by N 117.328; $10.
Estate Madeleine de Lagnel (Sbarboro) (by
Andrea and Alfredo E. Sbarboro. executors)
to Hermann F. Sahlender, lot on 3 line of
Oak street, 112:6 E of Octavia, E 23 by S 120;
$7750.
Hugo Urban to Otto C. Hennig. lot on E
line of Olive court, 100 S of Union, S 25 by
E 75; $10.
E. H. Knight to Edwin S. Tucker (adminis
trator estate G. D. Gregory), lot on N line of
Lombard street, 105:8 E of Steiner. E 1G9:4,
N 275. "W 152:»i4. S 137:6, W 16:6%, S 137:6;
$10.
Edward and Mary O'Connor to Jotti Hagan.
lot on SW corner of Lombard and Pierce
streets, W 22:11 by S 90; $10.
Agnea McPherson (by M. F. Vandall, com
missioner) to German Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on NW corner of Golden Gate are
nue and Lyon street. W 32:6 by N 100; 52S20.
Hahnemann Hospital College of San Fran
cisco (a corporation) to Hahnemann Medical
College of the Pacific (a corporation), lot oa
S"W corner of Sacramento and Maple street*
W 87:6 by S 132:7%; grant
John and Margaret McVlcar to William 3.
O'Connell. lot on E line of First avenue. 23:4*4
S of Clay. S 25 by E 101:2: $10. ¦»•»**
A. Hodgdon (by Thomas O'Brien. Tax Col
lector) to Charles Babb. lot on E line of LJda
place. 135 N of Sixteenth street. N 25 by E
30: $13.
G. L. and Katie L. Fits to John T. Harmes
same: $5.
Peter Metcalfe- to Mrst Eva. Metcalfe. lot on
W line of Rondell place. 203:8 3 of Sixteenth
street, also 133:10% E of .Valencia. S 22:2 by
Spencer E. Slade to Elizabeth C. Slade lot
vS.^lw'^by"^ 4^?^ 42 SW °' R4seP *
Julia McSweeney (widow) to Edward B.
Sweeney, lot on W line of Sanchez street, 76
5 of Thirteenth. S 24 by W SO- $10
Thomas "W.. Katherlne A.. Christopher C.
and Lily A. Rivers to Emella Ursln. lot on W
J. l i le .°/« Noe Btreet . 25=8 S of Henry. S 25 by W
l)b: $10.
Michael Shea to Thomas J. Shea, undivided
half of lot on N line of Francisco street, 91:3
E of Stockton. E 23 by N 6S:0; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
E. A. Fisher (owner) with Bernard Dreyer
(contractor), architects Shea & Shea—Carpen
ter and mill work, plastering 1 ,, metal work and
plumbing for alterations and additions to
Fischer's Concert Hall DUlIdlng on lot on N
line, of O'Farrell street, between Stockton and
Powell. Nos. 122 and 124 O'Farrell: $3125.
F. E. Hesthal (owner) with Ralston Iron
Works (contractors), architect E. J. Vogrel—
Cast Iron, ateel girders, staircases, iron doors
and fire escaues for building on SE corner of
Geary and Williams streets, E 56 by 8 87:6;
$9751.
Mercantile Trust Comoany (owner) with L.
B. Slblay (contractor), architect Albert Pissla
Gradlnc. trenehln* and bulkheadlng for bank
building on N line of California street. 55:3 W
of Leldesdorff, W 60 by N/ 114:3%; total.
$1050.
Same owner* "with Raymond Granite Com
pany (corporation) contractor, architect same
Stone and granite work for uma on same*
total. $37,000.
Same owner with Western Iron Works (cor
poration) contractors, architect iame—Struc
tural steel and cast iron work for same on
same: tctal $6730.
Luigl Perasso (owner) with Lulgl Cuneo (con
traclor), architect . — All work except
shades. K» fixtures and mantels (or a three
stcry. and basement frame building on E Una
of Powell street. 6S:9 N of Vallejo, N 29:0 by
E 6S:»; $5600.
Giuseppe Maurino (owner) with C. Selor*
(contractor), architects E. Deplerre and P
Rlghettl — All work for a two-story frame build
ing on S line of Sacramento street, 137:8 E of
Baker. 27:6 by 132:7: $372O. - . , Ot
H H. Schartemeler (owner) with John B.
Relte (contractor), architect William Curlett—
All alterations and additions for a three-story
frame building on NE corner of California
street and Prospect place; $4650.
P. J. Whelan (owner) - with R. H Walk»r
(contractor and architect) — All work excect
electric work, gas fixtures, mantels. Ore grates
shades and art glass for raising a onn-atorv
frame cottage and changing to a two-story
frame (flats) on N line of Pine street - 111 •<*
W of Baker. W 25 by N 137:6: $2200?
Whitney Estate Company (owners) with Will
6 Flnck Company (contractors), architect Na
thaniel Blalsdell— Electrical work except bat
teries and. pendants for alterations and addi
tions to Starr King bulldln? on S line of Geary
jtr^t,; 137:6 E of Stockton. B 112:6 by l«-f;
Silver unchanged. New York Exchange advanced.
Oats and Rye very firm and the latter higher.
Flay pointing upward under dry weather. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans firmly held with some demand for shipment.
Butter steady, Cheese weak and Eggs shading off.
Dried Fruits continue firm.
Meat market as previously quoted. '
Heavy selling of Lard at Chicago.
Provisions apathetic in the local market.
Wheat and Barley futures higher. Corn dull.
Potatoes firmly held. Onions disappointing holders.
Poultry and Game in good demand and firm.
Four cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-day.
Mexican Limes in light supply and higlier.
Another car of Italian Chestnuts in.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
THURSDAY. .Jan. 9.
Flour, qr sks... 31.951! Bran, sks .4. 455
Wheat, ctls . 85.423 Middlings, sks.. 660
Barley, ctls.... 2.035 Hay. tons 220
Oats, ctls 1,000. Wool, sks 16
Corn, ctls...... 190 -Hops, bales 16
Rye. ctls 375jBrandy, gals... 11.550
Tallow, ctls.... - 264: Wine. gals..... 69,300
Sugar, ctls 1.010' Leather, rolls.. 114
Potatoes, ctls... 2. 660 i Lime, bbls 1S2
Onions, sks 120 j Pelts, bdls CS
Beans, sks .. 895'Hides. No 341
Receipts of Produce.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
which is ; the low * record > price, but closing
prices there . were even with yesterday's V final
figures. ¦ Spot, closed at £47 10s : and futures
ft, 1 £4 J^ 17s 6 <i. " New York closed at . 12%c : for
lake, 12c for electrolytic and ll%c for casting-.
; Lead we s quiet and unchanged here, as-well
as In ¦ London.- New York closed at ¦ 4c and
London at £10 10s.- •¦ '*.*•'
; Spelter was dull and unchanged here at $4 40
and London was unchanged at £16 10s.
Iron : warrants were quiet here. European
markets were without Important changes. .
Glasgow closed at 40a 2d and Mlddlesboro
closed at 43s 10%d. . - . %
Piglron $11@12; No. 1 Northern
foundry. $15 5O@1C; No., 2 . Northern foundry.
$15015 50; No.- 1 Southern foundry, S15 50®
10;- No. 1 Southern foundry, soft; $15^17.'
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— The cotton market
opened steady. 2 points lower to 1 point higher,
and closed flrm with prlceB net 7 to 14 points
Portland's Business.
; PORTLAND. Or..- Jan. 8.— Clearings, $406.
.667; balances, $54,225.'
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 9.— Wheat, steady. "Walla
¦Walla, 63%@C4c; valley, 04c; bluestem, 65c.
The total exports of wheat, flour included,
from this port for the week ending to-day,
were 425,001 bushels. , '
"WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 9.— Wheat, unchanged. Blue
stem, C3c; ; club, 62c.
Foreign Markets.
. LONDON, Jan. 0.— Consols. 03 0-16; silver..
25%d; French rentes, lOOf 45c; cargoes on
passage,' rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 standard
California. 30s; cargoes Walla Walla. 30s.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 0.— Wheat, flrm; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; weather in
England, fine but cold.
COTTON — Uplands, 4 15-320. *
22c: deodorized stove Gasolitfe, In bulk. 15c; la
cases. 21U C ; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases.
20%c; 86-degree Gascllne. , in bulk. 20c; in
cases, 2d%c. ¦»»»&K«naeMgC8tfl^ K VW l
TURPENTINE — 61%c t>er gallon in cases
and 55%c in drums an* Iron barrel*. _
SUGAR— The Westec* Sugar. Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: •
Cubes, crushed and Fine Crushed. 8.05c.
Powdered. 4.90c: Candy Granulated. 4.90c:
Dry Granulated. 4.S0c: Confectioners' A. 4.80c:
Fruit Granulated. 4.S0c: Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c: Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C. 4.20c: D. 4.10c: barrels. 10c
more: half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more:
BO-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels. 8.30c: boxes. C.55c per lb.
THE SA5T {fCAL,!^; FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1902.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and. Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
10
Articles— Open. High. Low.
Wheat No. 2—. -
ranuary.... 80% 80%, 79%
vlay 84% 84% 83%
ruly : 84 84 83$
Corn No. 2 —
ranuary 63V4 63% 63%
day 67V4 67% 66%
ruly C0% 66% 65%
Oats No. 2—
*ay .-• 47% 47% 46%
ruly 42% 42% 41 «
September .. 34% 34 Vi 33%
Mesa Pork, per barrel —
ranuary 16 90 16 90 16 87%
klay 17 35 17 40 17 27%
taly . V 17 37% 17 37% 17 25
Lard, per 100 pounds —
ranuary 9 82% 9 82% 9 77%
day 9 97% 10 00. 9 92%
ruly 10 02% 10 02% 10 00
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
ranuary 8 50 8 60 8 45
Jay 8 82%- 8 82% 8 77%
Close.
79%
83%
' , 83%
63%
66%
€5%
46%"
41%
16 87%
17 27%
17 25
9 77V4
0 92%
10 00
8 45 ¦
8 77%
a
STATIONS. 3
K
re X
B|
: I
s
i 3
. ED
<I
So
o
•»
o £
Bakw 30.40 42 32 XW
Astoria 30.38 4C 40 KE
30.22 52 18 NE
Eureka 30.18 52 40 NE
Fresno S0.2C 42 40 S
Flagstaff 30.06 50 20 SW
Pocatello, Ida. 30. 34 44 30 W
lndependenee..30.04 5S 30 EE
Uos Angeles.. .30. 00 C6 40 W
Phoenix 29.96 72 40 "W
Portland 30.38 42 40 KW
Red Bluff 30.08 C4 38 - N
Roseburg 30.26 46 42 NW
Sacramento... 30. 14 44 38 SE
Salt Lake S0.30 SO 26 N
San Franclsco.30.12 50 38 N
3. L. Oblspo... 30.02 68 32 NW
San Diego 29.98 64 50 NW
SeatUe 30.46 46 38 N
Spokane 30.48 46 88 "W
Seali Bay 30.3S 42 38 E
Wai* Walla. .30.42 50 44 N
SVinviemucca. .30.24 50 28 NE
JTuma 29.94 72 46 E
Clear 0.00
Pt.CldyO.00
Clear 0.00
Clear 0.00
Cloudy 0.00
Cloudy 0.00
Clear, 0.00
Clear 0.00
Clear 0.00
Cloudy 0.00
Cloudy 0.00
Clear 0.00
Cloudy 0.02
Clear 0.00
Cloudy 0.00
Clear 0.00
Clear 0.00
Clear 0.00
Clear 0.14
Clear 0.00
Cloudy 0.00
Clear 0.01
Clear 0.00
Clear 0.00
Articles— Open. High. Low.
Wheat No. 2—. -
ranuary.... 80% 80%, 79%
vlay 84% 84% 83%
ruly : 84 84 83$
Corn No. 2 —
ranuary 63V4 63% 63%
day 67V4 67% 66%
ruly C0% 66% 65%
Oats No. 2—
*ay .-• 47% 47% 46%
ruly 42% 42% 41 «
September .. 34% 34 Vi 33%
Mesa Pork, per barrel —
ranuary 16 90 16 90 16 87%
klay 17 35 17 40 17 27%
taly . V 17 37% 17 37% 17 25
Lard, per 100 pounds —
ranuary 9 82% 9 82% 9 77%
day 9 97% 10 00. 9 92%
ruly 10 02% 10 02% 10 00
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
ranuary 8 50 8 60 8 45
Jay 8 82%- 8 82% 8 77%
Close.
79%
83%
' , 83%
63%
66%
€5%
46%"
41%
16 87%
17 27%
17 25
9 77V4
0 92%
10 00
8 45 ¦
8 77%
a
STATIONS. 3
K
re X
B|
: I
s
i 3
. ED
<I
So
o
•»
o £
Bakw 30.40 42 32 XW
Astoria 30.38 4C 40 KE
30.22 52 18 NE
Eureka 30.18 52 40 NE
Fresno S0.2C 42 40 S
Flagstaff 30.06 50 20 SW
Pocatello, Ida. 30. 34 44 30 W
lndependenee..30.04 5S 30 EE
Uos Angeles.. .30. 00 C6 40 W
Phoenix 29.96 72 40 "W
Portland 30.38 42 40 KW
Red Bluff 30.08 C4 38 - N
Roseburg 30.26 46 42 NW
Sacramento... 30. 14 44 38 SE
Salt Lake S0.30 SO 26 N
San Franclsco.30.12 50 38 N
3. L. Oblspo... 30.02 68 32 NW
San Diego 29.98 64 50 NW
SeatUe 30.46 46 38 N
Spokane 30.48 46 88 "W
Seali Bay 30.3S 42 38 E
Wai* Walla. .30.42 50 44 N
SVinviemucca. .30.24 50 28 NE
JTuma 29.94 72 46 E
Clear 0.00
Pt.CldyO.00
Clear 0.00
Clear 0.00
Cloudy 0.00
Cloudy 0.00
Clear, 0.00
Clear 0.00
Clear 0.00
Cloudy 0.00
Cloudy 0.00
Clear 0.00
Cloudy 0.02
Clear 0.00
Cloudy 0.00
Clear 0.00
Clear 0.00
Clear 0.00
Clear 0.14
Clear 0.00
Cloudy 0.00
Clear 0.01
Clear 0.00
Clear 0.00
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
£x* AT
DASHAWAY STABLES, 139 SCSTU
SECOND STREET, SAN JOSE,
SATURDAY, January U, at 12 o'clock.
I will sell the contents of above stables, con-
sisting of 40 horses. 30 sets harness. 2 tnree-
seaters. 4 surreys. 40 buggies of all kinds,
blankets, robes, safe, office fixtures.
JOHN J. DOTLE, Auctioneer.
Trains leave Third and Townsend at 7, 8. 9
and 10:30.TrainVWrecked Near Roseburg.
. ROSEBURG, Or.," Jan.; 9.— South-bound
passenger ; train "No. ; 11 '.was ditched : near
Myrtle'Creek, twenty miles south of here,
at 7 o'clock .this evening. ; The ' engine
turned over, and Engineer ¦ F. ; J: ; Connolly
was : slightly "„- injured. >{<- Fireman > Rupert
Jones sustained a broken arm.' -Three cars
were' derailed. --None; of 'the.; passengers
were ; hurt. V The cause of . the : wreck . has
not yet be err, learned. " ; . .
•WASHINGTON, Jan/ 9.— The open ses
sion 'Of 'the Senate to-day was devoted to
routine ' business. -'.„ In 'executive session
the "Senate confirmed the nomination of
W. S. : Graham as Surveyor General of
Califoriiia;«gMH3MiVQBBHMaBBKnE9HB
Graham's Nomination Confirmed.
,SAN DIEGO, Jan/ 9.— The Duke of New
castle: and ;hls traveling- companion ar
rived ' here last ' evening. ' When he ."' has
made a brief visit here he .will have com
pleted . an ¦ extended :< tour -. of • the Pacific
Coast and '• will go from - here direct : to
New York, where, he ..will; remain for a
short while before returning to England.
Newcastle Reaches San Diego.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. - 9.— A '". fashionable
wedding took place ;, at the • Cathedral (of
the .Blessed Sacrament yesterday morning,
the pricipals being Rebecca M. Elliott an 1
August E; Coolot.vThe Right Rev. Bishop
Grace ' performed v the ;; ceremony .with - a
nuptial nigh mass. • The bride was attend
ed by T her Bister,- Miss lEtta Elliott; and
the groom :by'J.L.; Ryan, an old school
mate.>Mr.:and Mrs.- Coolot'left on the
overland train for a wedding tour of the
principal '.cities of the East and will later
make New York their, permanent home.'
Coolot-Elliott .Wedding.
. KNOXVILLE, vTenn... Jan. : 9.— General
Manager : F. " E."- S. Elliott ; and Messenger
F. H. Smith i of 'the , Great ; Northern • Ex
press .'¦';' Company : and « Fireman • ¦¦' F. '; ' W.
O'Neil, Vho .were on ? the train which was
robbed by, bandits at Wagner, Mont.,- July
3 last,: have positively • identified • the man
under arrest < here 'as Harvey Logan; one
of ,'ther.men .who: robbed . the 'i express car
of. the new 1 Montana , bank | bills and' other
valuables. .' The same train which brought
the • three ¦ men here had*, as passengers ¦ a
man : and woman ' > who came on ; Great
Northern | tickets I and who are believed to
be friends of Harvey; Logan. ¦. » -,
Identified as a Train Robber.
. SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9.— A young man,
registered as "J. Dwy er of Seattle," but
presumed to be the son of a mining man
of Amador County, committed suicide in
the International Hotel to-day by shoot
ing himself in. the head. He left no note
explaining the deed. * He was apparently
twenty-eight years . old. . . • :,
Young Man Commits Suicide.
j STOCKTON. Jan. \ 9.— Henry .. Rohrbach
er, old resident'of this, city, \where he
had. been in the beer bottling business for
years,^ died here this morning at the I age
of 57 years. . The -I indirect cause Vof "- his
death was an i Injury received in ,'a stage
accident over a year, ago near!' Angels
Camp. The deceased was an Odd Fellow,
a Red Man, a Druld, : an Eagle," an.Ex
empt Fireman - and . a Turner, and , had
held high ofnees In most of the organiza
tions mentioned. He left a large estate. -
Henry Rohrbacher.
OMAHA, Jan. 9.— It ¦ was given out ; to
day liv a semi-official way at Union Paci
fic heaaquarters that the proposed cut-off
from Echo, Utah, to Salt : Lake will ¦¦ be
built during the year. . It % is ; also stated
that the Southern Piclflc, which now has
its terminus at Ogden, will also build a
short line to Salt Lake around the south
ern end of the lake, thus cutting, off near
ly a hundred miles of the distance to .the
Pacific Coast. Several . lines have . been
surveyed, but no definite action. has been
taken up to this time, owing to . the ex
treme roughness of the country. ., The
original line was run by the ;way of Ogdon
and the . new cut-off contemplates a di
rect'route to Salt Lake.
Shorter Line to Pacific Coast.
i WASHINGTON, ', Jan. 9.— The ; President
had. With him at luncheon to-day the At- ?
teroey General, .the Secretary of Agricul
ture arid ' a< notable gathering of represen
tatives : of organized ; labor. "¦ 'They were
F. , P.' Sargent, chief of the Brotherhood
of Locomotive Firemen; r <E.-j Clark
grard chief conductor of the Order ¦ of
Railway Conductors; ' P.' H. ¦ Morrissey,
grand master of the Brotherhood of Rail
way Trainmen ; H. P. Perham, president
of the .Order: of -Railroad 'Telegraphers,
and A: B. .; Youngson. first assistant to : P.
M. "Arthur/ chiefs of the . Order of-"Loco
motive Engineers.-' : . . '
President Entertains ; Railway Mer..
LOS ANGELES, Jan. '9.— In connection
with the expected arrival of Generals
Young, Rand, Kobbe and Lieutenant Me-
Kinley, on a tour of Inspection, it la
stated that Los Angeles probably, will be
selected as; the site of a' United States
military post. For several years strong
efforts have been put forth to bring- about
this end and it is now stated that Cali
fornia's representatives in Congress have
been given to • understand that this city
will be favored in the selection of a site.
Army Post for Los Angeles.
Increased Emigration From Germany
BERLIN, Jan. 9.— Emigration from
Hamburg and Bremen during the year
1J01 ' amounted to 203,093 persons, as
against 180,488 persons in 1900. Of the
emigration from Bremen during 1901,
103,104 persons out of a total of 110,606
went to the United States.
. BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 9.— The Board of
Supervisors bas~ ordered that the resident
health officer of the town of Randsburg,
E. M. Skllllngs, take charge of all places
infected with smallpox and that a strict
quarantine be made by him. This action
was taken in response to . an appeal of
the people of the infected town for a
stricter quarantine. In all cases where
smallpox has existed the quarantine will
not be raised until. ten days after the last
case has been reported cured.
Strict Quarantine at Randsburg.
: LOS ANGELES, Jan. 9.— The dates for
La Fiesta 'de t las Flores have been
changed. The carnival will be- held in
Los Angeles May I, 1 2 and' 3 and the floral
parade,- the I great feature "of j the affair,
will be held; Friday, May- 2. . Secretary
Zeehandelaar -of . the - Merchants' and
Manufacturers* Association has been In
correspondence ..with ,, the executive com
mittee : of ', the : National . Federation of
-Women's" Clubs 1 regarding Its plans and
arrangements for the session here, and
the change -has 'been, made in. order -to
avoid a conflict of dates." The club women
had :: so - arranged -¦ their programme as to
leave Friday, >, May , 2, open. , • The; fiesta
committee, therefore, will hold the floral
parade on that day. - ' ,
Fiesta Dates Are Changed.
The ex-Mlnister returned this decora
tion to Menellk, remarking that he de
clined to accept a decoration stained with
Italian blood.
ROME. . Jan. 9. — According to Italia,
King Menellk of Abyssinia sent an Abys
sinian decoration to Marquis Vlscontt-
Venosta, the former Minister of Foreign
Affairs.
Menelik's Decoration Returned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.-The Civil Serv
ice Commission has called .the attention
of the Secretary of the Interior to the
charges'of removal of employes .for politi
cal purposes against Joseph Perrault, Sur
veyor-General . of , Idaho. . Charges of • the
same character were made several years
ago, and, after, an investigation,' the com
mission recommended Perraulfs removal.
The matter, however, lapsed and no ac
tion was taken on the commission's . re-
Quisition. The Issue was raised /again. by
the removal of another employe of : Per
rault for alleged partisan purposes, re
sulting in the commission calling the at
tention of Secretary Hitchcock to the
former charges to that last preferred;
Removed for Political Purposes.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 9.—Ex-Gov
ernor and ex-Representative James .B.
McCreary was to-night nominated by the
Democratic legislative caucus to be
United' States Senator. He received the
nomination over Circuit Judge James E.
Cantrill of Scott County by. a vote of
62 to 37, nearly two-thirds of the Demo
cratic members. He will be elected \fy the
General Assembly, in Joint- session *«next
Tuesday, over Senator William J. Deboe,
who was indorsed by his party for re
election. / \
The Democratic caucus . to-night was
harmonious throughout. • •
DEMOCRATS OP KENTUCKY
IN LEGISLATIVE CAUCUS
Captain Hall has not seen his brother
since the Walla -Walla - went down ,¦ As
his vessel was steaming - into San ¦' Fran
ciso* pn the last ; voyage the .Walla Walla
was coming out. <" He discharged his ship
loiad'of coal and was ¦ barely out of , San
Francisco Bay -when - the Edith . passed
the Pomona, • bearing. Captain Andrew
Hall and other Walla AValla survivors to
Pan ' Francisco ; from Eureka/ where they
were rescued. . : -. •" ¦ . ¦ '.- • . . ' : :
Captain : Charles Hall, of the Edith is a
brother of Captain Andrew Hall, of : the
Walla Walla. • "I am confident," Captain
Hall said, "that it was the missing Walla
Walla raft. We steamed within one hun
dred feet of it. and could see the raft dis
tinctly. There was not a sign of life or
anything in the > shape .of human ' effects
on it, so we passed the sad reminder of
that' terrible /disaster." -,' .
SEATTLE, ' Jan. . 9.— -The . steam collier
Edith, which arrived to-day from San
Francisco, bring news which undoubtedly
explains the ¦ mystery surrounding -the
missing, life raft from - the , ill-fated ship
Walla ."Walla. Eighty : miles north ?. of
Cape Mendoclno ¦ and" fifty . miles : north
west of the 1 Seal Rocks the Edith passed
within one I hundred ¦¦; f eet of a raft,' on
which there s were neither human beings
nor the smallest object which might' tell
the story of disaster.
of : Terrible Disaster.
Brother of Captain Sees a Reminder
PASSES WALLA WALLA RAFT.
Nothing inside was proof against their
guns. , Even the hanging and bracket
lamps and the : wooden pulpit, all these
being the • pronerty of the Presbyterian
church, were riddled. : - The stove, -black
board, 1 teacher's desk, the desks. of pupils
and a 'five-gallon oil can were, shot
through and through. Five gallons of oil
were allowed to spread out over the floor
and surprise is expressed that the • mis
creants did not apply. a match to the oi]
and thereby cover up their evil doings.
.TACOMA! Jan. 9.— "What may" have been
intended for a New Year's joke has de
prived the little I town of Allyn for the
first part of its winter term of a school.
On the night of "January 1 or 2 .'three or
four roughs entered the schoolhouse and
perforated not only the building but
everything in it. with bullets of large
caliber. ¦ ¦¦¦-¦¦."'¦
a Crowd of Gun-Firing
Miscreants.
Hesidents of a Hamlet Terrorized by
HOUGHS RAISE RIOT
IN TOWIT. SCHOOLHOXTSE
Since his arrest Elliott. has bee^i morose
and has refused to converse with any one.
He is either becoming Insane from brood
ing 6ver his crime or Is enacting an able
piece of shamming. "When he was called
to g-o.lnto court to-day the officers found
it necessary: to bind his arms, as he had
become violent and hysterical. He was
carried into the courtroom and deposited
in his chair. As he sat down he emitted a
screech which caused the crowd of jurors,
who were hovering over a heater,' to scat
ter with a nervous Impulse. ¦ In his chair
he alternately laughed, wept and moaned.
The case went over until Friday in order
that he may be examined by physicians.
. SAN JOSE, Janf 9.— A scene seldom wit
nessed in a court of law was enacted in
Judge Lorigan's department of the Su
perior : Court : this morning when Harry
Elliott, charged with the murder of J. W.
Sherman, was brought in for trial.
Acts as if Insane in a
• Courtroom.
San Jose Man Accused of Murder
FRIGHTENS THE JURY
BY A TERRIFYING CRY
v Inquiries, made here fail to confirm the
statements . contained ' in the dispatch of
the Kleines Journal. •'¦¦;.
1 Nicaragua is making extensive war prepara
tions She has purchased the German war
ship Armenlua. is negotiating for the purchase
of two other warships and ha3 bought cannon,
rifles and ammunition amounting to the value
of 1 500 000 marks, through the Nicaraguan
Minister at Berlin. Senor Rocha. A certain
Hamburg bank loaned the money for the pur
chase referred to.
The object of these preparations 1* that
Nicaragua Honduras and Salvador intend -to
attack Guatemala and Costa Rica and compel
them - to Join the proposed Central American
""sen'or Rocha is reported to have tried to In
duce the Prussian War Minister to supply
Nicaragua with arms, which the Ministry re
fused to do.'
Prepares to Compel . Costa Rica and
Guatemala to Join Union.
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 9.— General Al
ban, the commander of the Colombian
forces has received information that
President Zelaya of Nicaragua has invited
the other four Presidents of Central
America to attend a conference at Cor
into Nicaragua, with the object of in
ducing them to enter into a coalition
ag BlRLW. 0 Jan ia 9.-The Kle'tnes Journal,
¦which sometimes prints exclusive news,
publishes the following dispatch to-day
from Hamburg: . . WX/'i
NICARAGUA BUYS WARSHIP.
WASHINGTON, ' Jan. 9.-The Senate
Committee on Military Affairs to-day con
sidered the nomination of Colonel Crozier
to be Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance,
with the rank of brigadier 'general; Col
onel J. Gillespie to be chief of engineers,
with the rank of brigadier general, and
Colonel George B. Davis to be Judge advo
cate general, with the rank of brigadier
general, and decided to ask the Secretary
of War for an opinion on the legal aspects
Involved in these various cases. Included
in the matter for inquiry is a charge that
General Crozier is interested in several
patents for ordnance. The . opinion was
expressed by some of the members of the
committee that this allegation is suffi
ciently serious to challenge investigation.
War Is Asked in Several
Cases.
Legal Opinion of the Secretary, of
MTLITAB.Y NOMINATIONS
RECEIVE CONSIDERATION
President, A. Mikulich; ' vice president. F.
Eenner; recording secretary, . . De Witt Toll;
financial fiecretary.- A. Francovich;. treasurer,
J L -Radovich; conductor, A. Kulecich; »er
eeant-at-arms ¦> J." Velcich^trustees. P.; C. Mil
loTlav O. . Seussler. M.' C. Mllloglav, A- Conich.
A Kisellch. . L. Lutlch. W. . P. / Wobber and J.
W Staneart; physician. Dr. J. E. Hotlgues.
The following-named "officers for the
ensuing year were elected at. the last
regular meeting of the Austrian Benevo
lent Society: __ ; , *
Austrian Benevolent Society.
E. J. Vcanning, past; president; R.' M. Roche,
president; A. F. Williams, first vice president;
D. C, Deaay. second vice president; George G.
Fraser. third x'ce president; John -Miller, re
cording secretary; J. F. Cannon, financial sec
retary; A~ Nathan, treasurer: Edward > J.
Lynch trustee; William Locke; marshal; Drs.
T B. " W. Leland, H. W. Hunsacker, A. T.
Rottanzi, T. B. Roche and William C. Hooper,
surgeons; W. V. Walsh. Inside sentinel: Joseph
Gagan. outside sentinel; Charles Quast, or
ganist.
At the meeting of Pacific Parlor, N. S.
G. "VV., the following-named officers were
installed by District Deputy Grand Presi
dent K. P. Troy, assisted by E. : Manning
as marshal:
Pacific Parlor, N. S. G. W.
After the ceremony a silver tea set was
presented to Mrs." Thompson, the retiring
chief companion, and an elegant token of
fraternal love to the financial : secretary.
After the presentation refreshments were
served In the bancuet hall. ' ',?- /
Annie Thompson, past chief companion; Mrs.
S. E. Charpiot, chief companion; Mrs. L. Ha
gan, sub chief companion; Lena Sholten, finan
cial, and Julia Grace, recording secretary;
Emily Kooph, treasurer; Mary Leffler, right,
and Mrs. L.. M. Simons, left guide; M..A. P.
Ford, inside; and Mrs. A. Combs, outside guar
dian; Dr. Leffii*, physician.
Past Supreme Chief Companion M.
Boehm installed the officers of Bohemian
Circle of the Companions of the Forest,
A. O. F., for the current term. The new
officers are: » . . . . .
Bohemian Circle, Aw 0. F.
Minnie Bproul, councilor; Ethel Fletcher, as
sistant councilor; Margaret Thomas, vice coun
cilor; Laura Cantua, recording, ,Ruby Ham
burger, assistant, and Christine Jorgenson,
financial secretary; • Mrs. A. Anderson, treas
urer; Eva Hanley, guide; Sophie Putz, inside,
and Oeor.je Schroyer. outside guard; Charles
D. Qulrey, trustee.
The following named were installed as
the officers of California Council of the
Daughters of Liberty for the current
term • by. Miss Emily Lewis, deputy na
tional councilor, assisted by Mrs. J. W.
Colby as national guide:
California Council, D. O. X,.
H. K- Hoffman, past chief ranger; J. W.
Keller, chief ranger; W- . H. Forester, vice
chief ranger; \V. I. Avery, recording secretary;
L. Fitzgerald, financial secretary; Louis Mel
ter, treasurer; N. W. Cuthbert, organist; R.
Volkman, senior woodward; F. Hammers, Jun
ior woodward; W. ' Sutter, , senior beadle; I.
Blrnbaum, junior beadle; Dr. F. Rlnne. court
physician; \V. H. A. Schnoor. court deputy.
The following officers of Court' Yerba
Buena of the Independent Order of For
esters were installed by State Deputy
High Chief Ranger Stock:
Court Yerba Buena, I. O, F.
After the installation ceremony Past
President Mrs. M. Barry, who became the
junior past, was presented with a hand
some pin in appreciation of her services.
Miss G. A. Clarke, president; Miss A. Bruz
zoni first. Miss H. McRaith second and Miss
L. Tietjen third vice president; Miss A. Dough
erty, marshal ; Miss M . Uhl. inside, and Miss M.
Shulze, outside sentinel; Mrs. C. Barry, finan
cial secret&ry: Hannah Collins, treasurer; trus
tees — Misses A. Kerr, M. Spurr and A. Crow
ley.
District Deputy Grand President Mrs.
Agnes Thornagle, assisted by Miss Agnes
McVeery of Calaveras Parlor, installed
the officers of Fremont Parlor of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden "West. The
officers Installed are:
Freemoat Parlor, N. D. G. W.
vice grand; Louis G. Schord, warden; Thomas
P. Jarvis, conductor; C. H. F. Petersen, Inside,
and A. L. Erwln, outside guardian; A. H.
Cousins, right and A. H. Behm,(left supporter
to the noble grand; James Knage, right, and
N. M. Chamberlain, left supporter to the vice
grand; R. Wynell, right, and F. Knars ton, lefc
scene supporter.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— The Cairo corre
respondent of the Daily Mail cables that
he learns that the Sultan of Turkey vain
ly sought to enlist French aid to prevent
the Italian occupation of Tripoli. TBe
Sultan then decided to fortify the capital,
the correspondent continues, and Tripoli
will be reinforced with a garrison which
will be equipped with the latest and most
modern weapons.
Sultan Seeks French. Aid.
* Adolph Sylva admitted that after the
election" he went to the different saloons
in • Sausalito and spent . about - $10 1 or $20
over each bar and afterward received the
money, back from the poolroom men. • Joe
Harvey, owner of one of the poolrooms,
when testifying, denied that Sylva re
ceived any money at all. : It is claimed
that a. large number of "voters" . have
been imported Into the town to be avail
able at the coming:, election. Larux, an
expressman/- testified that there were
more men lodging in the different houses
now. than there is in the summer.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 9.— The Grand Jury
is making the air torrid for the poolroom
men of Sausalito. The Jury spent the day
examining a host of witnesses from Sau
salito. ilt is not » believed • that ¦ anything
was brought to light that will explain how
the poolroom men got* their grip -in Sau
salito. Town ; Trustees Adolph Sylva, - J.
Thomas, H. J. Crumpton and John Nunes
were examined as to how they were elect
ed and how much of their campaign ex
penses were paid by the poolroom pro
prietors. \ All denied that the. gamblers
defrayed. any of those expenses.
tify at San Rafael About the
Games.
Many Witnesses From Sausalitb Tes-
GRAND JURY AFTER
THE POOLROOM MEN
' "Such is the civilization," says the Vor
waerts, "that our colonial politicians are
spreading." f \ ¦ .
BERLIN, Jan. 9.— A correspondent in
Samoa writes to the Cologne Gazette giv
ing a hitherto unknown explanation of
the -killing of Dr. Menke, leader of a
German scientific expedition in the South
Sea Island, Bismarck archipelago. The
correspondent says that . Dr. Menke and
his party ruthlessly destroyed, a number
of palm trees, of which there were but
few on the island, and the natives acted
in defense of their property. The Ger
man punitive expedition, sent to avenge
the killing of Dr. Menke and his party,
which, landed from the German • cruiser
Cormoran, near the scene of the mas
sacre, ¦ killed eighty-one islanders.
by the Germans.
Palm Trees Are Slaughtered
Natives Who Used Force to Protect
"SUCH IS THE CIVILIZATION
OF COLONIAL POLITICIANS"
New Mayor of Vancouver Elected.
VANCOUVER,|B. C. Jan. 9.— Alderman
T. F. Neelands was elected Mayor of Van
couver to-day by a majority over Mayor
Townley estimated at 500, although com
plete returns are not yet made. The de
feat of Mayor Townley, who was elected
last year by a majority of 600, was hardly
expected, as he had the support of the
business element. His opponent was the
nominee of the Electoral Union, an or
ganization formed on municipal reform
lines. "
"Coal' is found in' twenty-one of the
thirty-six counties in Washington and for
tunately its most extensive deposits are
located In Pierce and King counties, di
rectly ' tributary to Tacoma' and Seattle,
where it is chiefly used and shipped. The
enormous output of last year was a pleas
ing showing, to every one Interested In the
coal industry, especially in view of the
fact that crude oil has made a serious in
road in the consumption of coal In Cali
fornia, A year ago it was believed that
the use of. oil* had seriously affected the
demand-for coal, but the widening mar
kets in Alaska and Hawaii and the rapid
ly increasing needs of railroads and
steamer lines give a demand for the coal
that Is not likely to be lessened.
< TACOMA, i Jan. j 9.— State Coal Mine In
spector Owens Is . completing: his annual
report,- which will show . that during 1901
Washington's coal output exceeded 3,000,
000 tons, valued at 57,500,000, a production
which gave employment to about 5000 men.
This is a substantial Increase over any
previous yearly record and would - have
been- much larger had it been possible to
obtain* cars for the transportation of the
output to tidewater.
That the ' Year's Product Was
: Enormous. : "-- " : :v
Washington Inspector's Report Shows
THREE MTLLION TONS
V A . STATE'S COAL OUTPUT
The grand total at .$4 50 per ton, the
price paid for the beets < delivered at the
factory, amounts to $1,310,949, which has
been distributed this season. Sixty : mil
lion pounds of sugar is the total output
for the season, which at the- present rate
of 3% cents per pound amounts to $2,175,000.
SALINAS, Jan. 9.— At 5:30 o'clock yester
day the last load of beets for the season
arrived ; at the Spreckels factory. ; The
slicing will be finished to-night at 12
o'clock, but" several days will be consumed
in manufacturing the sugar and the juice
and syrup on hand. The receiving of
beets was .commenced on. August 26 and
slicing began on September 15, from which
date the Targe mill has been running al
most without interruption down to the
present . time— 115 days. This j closes what
is believed to be the most successful beet
growing and sugar-making season over
known in' Calif ornla. The total number of
tons of beets < sliced was 271,322, received
from the following localities: Salinas Val
ley, 141.280 tons; Pajaro Valley, 85,910 tons;
San Benito County, ,27,620 tons; Santa
Clara Valley, 16,512 tons. — ' . . •
Conversion of Tons of Their
Product.
Many Localities Benefit Greatly From
BEET S SUGAR OUTPUT t
OF NOTABLE QUANTITY
The London Tablet, on January 3, an
nounced that the Pope had appointed a
special * commission for the consideration
of all questions connected with Biblical
studies, to .which Catholic . scholars the
world over might apply in . cases of diffi
culty. Cardinal Parocchi, the paper added,
was president of the commission, which
would Include •, eleven . consultors chosen
from , different countries. " .¦:•'-'¦¦
"I cannot help but believe that a woman
poisoned the milk, knowing it was in
tended for the baby." ;
That the milk was tampered with after
it was delivered at the McKee home there
is no doubt. The driver says he delivered
three bottles, as usual, between 2 and 3
o'clock in the afternoon. At 5 o'clock that
afternoon a woman who lives in the house
saw three bottles on the doorstep. An
hour later, when she I again looked, there
were only two bottles there. In addition
to this the pasteboard stopper in the bot
tle containing the v milk wjiich burned Mrs.
McKee was cracked on one side- and ap
peared ¦ to have been ; removed before she
took it out Monday morning. Mrs. Mc-
Kee said to-day: * -. •
Mrs. McKee did,not, at first think the
milk was poisoned, although it gave forth
a strong odor foreign to lacteal > fluid.
She feared to give it . to her baby, how
ever, and after replacing the stopper in
the bottle set it aside. --¦ ¦'.,'¦)
The following morning, after her hus
band had gone to work, she began to pre
pare more food with the milk in one of
the two bottles left at the door. She
tasted it, but s had no sooner taken one
swallow than she. choked and spat it out.
The inside of her mouth, her tongue and
her throat were burned and .blistered by
the liquid. She was seized with cramps
and vomited profusely. •
Frank O. McKee 13 a * cook, i With his
wife and nine-months-old son, he lives iu
a lower flat at 498 California street. Sun
day last the family spent • the day; at
Elysian Park. Upon their return home in
the evening they found two pints of milk
on- their .doorstep, -where. it has been tho
custom of their milk dealer to leave three
bottles * every day. At the time • it was
thought some - ml-schlevous person had
stolen the third bottle. Mrs. McKee bor
rowed a pint bottle, delivered by the same
milkman, from one of her neighbors. Be
fore retiring Sunday night she prepared
the night's, supply for the nourishment of
her child. V . ; . y . ..
Mr, and Mrs. F.;O.:McKee, parents of
the child whose: life' was threatened, are
greatly worked up over what they hold to
bethe perpetration, of a hideous crime.
The Police Department and the city
health officers have been Informed of the
circumstances and asked to make ah in
vestigation- of the ' case. . Although <¦. the
parents of the child have a suspicion as
to the perpetrator ; of the / poisoning
scheme, there is little to base the suspi
cion on, and it forms a poor clew on
which to work. ' :.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 9.— Poisoned milk,
believed ', to have been f' prepared ' to de
stroy . the life of an innocent ¦ babe, that
Its ' mother might ¦ be " accused > of infanti
cide, has caused y* ir/tense " excitement
among the families: of an apartment
house at 498 California street. '
Special Dispatch to The Call,
The board of trustees will meet to organize
and elect officers in the office of the Secretary
of State January 19. Mr. Carnegie's purpose,
as stated by himself, in requesting the various
trustees to become members of the board. Is
as follows? It is purposed to found in the
city of 'Washington in the spirit of Washing-,
ton, an institution which with the co-opera
tion of institutions now or hereafter estab
lished there or elsewhere shall in the broad
est and most liberal manner encourage investi
gation, research and discovery; encourage the
application of knowledge to the improvement
of mankind; provide such buildings, laborator
ies, books and apparatus as may be needed,
and afford, instruction of an advanced char
acter to students | whenever and wherever
found, inside or outside of schools, ' properly
qualified to, profit thereby. •
22. Carroll D. Wright, District of Columbia.
The speaker of the House of Representatives.
The Eecretary of the Smithonlan Institution.
The president of the National Academy of
Sciences. " • • ' ¦• . ". . : :
1. Grover Cleveland, New Jersey.
John S.. Billings. New York.
8, William N. Frew, Pennsylvania.
4. Lyman J. Gage, Illinois. .
! 5. Daniel C. Oilman, Maryland.
¦ 6. John Hay, District of Columbia. ; — '
7. Abram S. Hewitt, New Jersey.
8. Henry L. Hlgelnson, Massachusetts.
9. Henry Hitchcock, Missouri.
10. Charles L. Hutchinson, Illinois.
11. William Lyndsay. Kentucky.
12. Seth Low, New York.
13. Wayne MacVeagh, Pennsylvania. '
t 14. D. O. Mills. California.
15. S. Weir Mitchell, Pennsylvania. .
10. W. W. Morrow, California. -
17. Elihu Root, New York.
IS. John C. Spooner, Wisconsin;
19. Andrew D. White, New York.
20. Edward J>. White. Louisiana. -
21. Charles D. Walcott, District of Columbia.
The board of trustees elected by the incor
porators to carry out the purposes of the in
stitution as indicated are: Ex-of flcio : ¦ -
The President of the United States.
The president of the United States Senate.
• In the development of his plans, Mr. Car
negie has consulted with a number of gentle
men in different parts of the country, In
cluding the heads of universities and other
uclentinc institutions, and particularly with
Abram S. Hewitt, Dr. Daniel C. Oilman. Dr.
John S. Billings, Dr. Charles D. Walcott and
Carroll D. Wright. *.
: WASHINGTON, , Jan. 8.— Official an
nouncement was made to-day of the
board of trustees of the Carnegie Institu
tion, which has been incorporated here
under; the $10,000,000 gift of Andrew Car
negie. The only Indication as to the form
of the gift is that it will be In "5 per'fcent
bonds." This is referred to in a single
sentence as follows: ' . . ;
. "It is the purpose of Mr.* Carnegie to
transfer ten million dollars in 5 per, cent
bonds to the board of trustees for the
purposes' above mentioned."
The announcement was made in the
form of a statement given out by Charles
D. Walcott, secretary of the incorpora
tion, in accordance with the expressed
wish of Carnegie. The statement says:
The following named are the- officers
who have worked indefatlgably to bring
about the success of their second salon:
Executive committee — W. B. Webster (chair
man), H. B. Hosmer, W. E. Pahner, E. G.
Eisan. W. J. Street. Robert H. Fletcher.
Committee on publicity — A. G. McFarland
(chairman), Charles A. Goe, I. O. Crtisscup.
Committee on selection and hanging — At J.
Treat (chairman). J. A. Stunton, A. L. Coombs.
L. P. Latimer (San Francisco Art Associa
tion), J. A. Langs troth (the California Camera.
Club}. i
San Francisco Art Association:' Of fleers-
James W. Byrne, president; Willis E. Davis,
first vice president; L. P. Latimer, second vice
president; Henry Heyman, secretary: Chaun
cey R. Wlnslow. treasurer; J. Boss Martin, as
sistant secretary.
Directors^ — James D. Phelan. Horace G. Platt
Irving M. Scott, Clinton E. Worden. W. H.
Crocker, R. H. Fletcher, curator of the insti
tute. , .
. The California Camera Club: Officers — J. W.
Erwln. president ; W. • B. • Webster, first vice
president ; H. B. Hosmer. second vice presi
dent; W. E. Palmer, secretary; E. G. Eisen.
treasurer: C. E. Ackerman. corresponding sec
retary;^. O. Crosscup; librarian.
Directors — A. L. Coombs, Charles A. Goei H.
T. Hennlng, J. J. Lermen.
Indefatigable "Workers.
The California Camera Club and tho
San Francisco Art Association, under the
auspices of which the exhibition opened
last night, announce that it will be con
tinued for two or three weeks. '
Among the other exhibitors whose
works are deserving of praise are:
Mrs. S. H. Ladd, Jennie H. Stanyan, Georg*
C. Meeker. E. P. Oyster, Ida B. Diserens,
Mary Devens. Helen H. Davle, Francis Wattd
Lee, F. E. Monteverde. Mrs. S. H. Ladd, Annie
W. Brigman, Edward . H. Kemp, Dr. - E. G.
Elsen, Mrs. William E. Russell, Alice M.
Dumas, Edward Latelle Bourke, Laura M.
Adams. J. R\ Field, Walter Zimmerman Uly
E. White, W. Otto Emerson. J. M. Carroll.
Hugo B. Goldsmith, W. J. Pratt, r>. L. Man
ley. Edgar A. Cohen, H. d'Arcy Power, Charles
L. Wcroll, Milton P. Goldsmith. Louis C Deane,
I. C. H. Wallsgrove, F. C. Bangs, G. Knight
White, Mrs. Walter A. Scott, H. Schultze, E.
M. Blalne, Mrs. Sarah C. Sears, Albert J. Le
Breton, Alvin Langdon Coburn, Will H. Walk
er, O. V. Lange, George H. Scheer. Mrs.
George S. Fife, Dr. Gustav Eisen, H. li.
Parker, Mrs. K. G. Lyona, James James, A K.
Goetting. E. K. Biggerstaff, Shirley B. Ryan,
Arthur W. Wilde, H. B. Lefnoy, W. E. Ban
sonville, A. G. McFarlasd, G. H. MacDowell.
W r ilHam F. James, Francis S. Thompson, Ida
W. Palaehe, Mrs. Eliae Pumpelle Cabot, Essie
Collins. J. H. Wilhelm, A. L. Coombs. F.
Holland Day. Robert C. McLean. W. J. Street.
Dr. F. Detlefsen. R. B. Lamson, Mrs. A. Nel
son Crowell, T. N. Foulis, Helen Flummer
Gat2h, Alfred G. Loughton, W. W. peed.
Martha S. Galloway, Louise Brummer, George
T. Power. H. E. Poehlman, Hudson Chapman,
Thomas Frederick Brogden. Grace Hubley, I.
P. Hodglns. Walter Marshall Clute, Harry G.
Smith. George F. Snyder. Carl W. Derby. Dr.
B. H. Mauk, John W. Schuler, F. S. Crowell,
R. D. Stovel, John Dolman' and E. M. Allen.
Host of Exhibitors.
A print, "On the Way to the Mill," la a
gem by Charles A. Goe, who has con
tributed three other excellent results in
"Cleopatra," "The Maniac" and "A Por-
Dr. Milton Franklin. Dr. Brugnlere, the
latter exhibiting many portraits and
studies for portraits; Mark E. Frank.
William L. Whitson, T. V. B. Beebe and
Oscar Maurer, the latter represented by
about twenty studies, one especially
standing out prominently— "On the Maas"
— a Dutch scene; Theo. Heinigr and L. E.
Rea had a host of admiring experts
around their print pictures.
Carl E. Ackerman has a faculty of giv
ing to his. work a Mephistophelian hue,
which makes a warmth simply ooze out
from the very pores of the prints.
George V. Robinson, N. Fisher, O. H.
Hansen, Arnold Genthe, with a long list
of good prints; H. C. Lassen. L. S. Gans,
Herman Kobbe, Charles E. Demitz, J. F.
Max Patitz, Otto turn Suden, F. Froh
man, Mrs. P. Chilson. Fayette J. Clate
all win laurels for the high quality of
their artistic work.
The uninitiated tried hard last night to
discover where the photographic folka
discover the subtle art of coming close
to giving a true etching effect. The at
tempt to find . it all out was at the San
Francisco Photographic Salon held at
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, where
t-e artistic world paid all the honor in ltd
power to the photo artists by attending
in solid, fashionable body. All rooms were
thrown open and to' the strains of an or
chestra the privileged visitors marcheU
through corridor to balcony and from
room to room, but the one spacious cham
ber, with its platinum prints, sepias, car
bons on celluloid, bromides ana gum bi
chromate prints, hung in admirable or
der, was tne point to which all footsteps
were eagerly directed.
Landscape and portrait vie with marine
for honors, though in point of numbers
portrait assumes the right of recognition,
while on that score landscape and marine
about divide honors. The portraits might
become tiresome but for their remarka
ble excellence.
Frank Eugene's works are platinum
prints developed with a brush and show
uie highest class of artistic merit. Prank
Snyder has several admirable prints —
"Homeward Bound," "The Gleaner" and
"Gathering the Sheaves."
Dr. Maurice W. Brown has a well-toned
bit of work in "The Marsh Road," and
Ernest G. Boon's "A Venetian Byway"
and E. M. Allen's atmospheric studies are
worthy the admiration they commanded.
There is a portrait by George Habenichc
which was deservedly praised.
The commission, notably the president,
is said to represent broadminded, progres
sive' tendencies. , • : ¦
•The scope of, inquiry is: to ascertain tho
limits of freedom to be allowed the Cath
olic exegetist in Biblical questions of the
day and to point out definitely what must
be maintained and what must be rejected
in the , interests of orthodoxy, what" are
allowable and what - are left to the in
dividual conscience." • - ¦. ¦ ¦
-ROME,; Jan. 9.— The membership of the
papal commission .:. on ! modern - questions
concerning. the holy writ is officially an
nounced.' -It consists --of ¦-* Cardinal Par?
occhi, vice chancellor of the Holy ; Roman
church; and Cardinals Zegna;^ prefect 6f
the Vatican archives, and .VivesY. Tuto,
•as assessor. ' Among the consultors chosen
from various countries is Professor Gar
rigan.of the Catholic Univerity of Wash
ington.
The following named have been install
f-a as officers for Cosmopolitan Lodge of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows by
District Deputy Grand Master H. D. Sa
a ' ,. aKs5s ted by Past Grand Johnson of
Apollo Lodge: . . '
*.'f. Iluadn:;). noble grand; W. H.'Klmbell,
Cosmopolitan "Lodge, I. O.O. F.
After the proclamation of installation
Mary Seymour Slycker, on behalf
ra the lodge, presented a prettily deslgn
«•<! emblematic star to Mattie Webb, the
retiring past noble grand, after which
» r l" £i °P h 'e H. Forbes presented a collar
U.., et rank to the retiring noble grand.
-his -was followed by the giving of flow
frs to the new noble grand, past grand
and retiring past grand. Dancing closed
me evening's entertainment.
Harriet Beckley, pa6t noble grand; Sarah A.
Druffin, noble' grand: 'Josephine Wolworth,
yice grand ; Gertrude Spouwood. recording sec
retary; May Layton, financial secretary; Frank
Derby, treasurer; Agnes Draffln, conductor;
Hay Mjrgan, warden; Sophie H. Forbes, right
supporter to noble grand; Amy Webb, left eup-
I'orter to noble grand; Allie Parker, right 6up
lKjrter to vice grand: Mabel Williams, left
supporter to vice grand; Fannie Igo, organist.
Mrs. Floy C. Urquhart, deputy presi
dent of the California Assembly of. Rebe
kahs, installed the officers of - Oriental
Rebekah Lodge No. 90 with Ae assist
ance cf her staff of seventeen officers in
public. There was a large number of the
friends of the new officers to witness the
ceremony. The new officials are: .
Oriental Bebekah Lodge.
After the ceremony there ¦was an en
tertaining address by J<$hn Murphy, the
retiring commander, who enlisted in Bos
ton, Mass., in 1846. and has been in tTie
United States army ever since. There
was also an address by the ' new com
mander and by the installing officer.
WlllLt.m W. Pneeland, commander; James
Kelly, senior vice commander; Thomas Math
ews, junior vice commander; \Y. F. Howe,
quartermaster; Joseph Washington, surgeon;
Barton Wilmarth, chaplain; Robert Graham,
officer of the day; Samuel W. Knowles, officer
of the guard; John C. Scott, quartermaster
sergeant; Robert P. Dewey, sentinel.
The officers of General G«orge G. Meade
Post cf the Grand Army of the Republic
were installed by Past Commander A- E.
Leavitt in the headquarters of the corps
In the presence of a large number of peo
»le. T'he officers who are to look after the
welfare of the post during the current
term sire:
George G. Jffeade Post, G. A. B.
Music incidental to the ceremony was
furnished by the Tamalpais band o*
twenty-five pieces.
T. J. Mahoney, past consul commander; J.
M. McKltoy, -consul commander; J. J. McDon
ald, adviser lieutenant; J. W. Farrant, banker;
A. G. Gilson, clerk; G. L. Clark, assistant
clerk: K. Strohmier, manager; A. Lindenbaum,
escort; J. Donohue. assistant escort; F. 51.
Sturgeon, ¦watchman; A. E. Harrison, sentry.
The following named officers of Tamal
pais Cimp of the Woodmen of the World
have t«en installed by Past Consul Com
mander A. J. Weinert:
Tamalpais Camp, W. 0. W.
Dr. Joseph Bayer, monitor; Samuel From
holz, president; Max Blackfield. vice president;
Samuel S. Green, eecretary; I. P. Strassburger,
treasurer; Isaac Lessman, assistant monitor;
H. C. F.atoweky. warden; L Flertag, guardian;
Dr. J. Bayer, physician; S. Hoffman, trustee;
P. Flattrw. Samuel S. Green. L P. Strassburger.
L. C. I^evey, William Ldsener and D. Lande,
representaives to the Grand Lodge.
Grand President Wallace Wise, assisted
by Pa;st Grand President E. L Wolfe, has
installed the following as officers of Cre
mieux Lodge, Independent Order of B'nai
iJ'rith, for the current term:
Cremieux Lodge, I. O. B. B.
H. M." Kelly, past chief ranger; John Smith,
chief ranger; George Leishman. vice chief
ranger; J. W. Hamilton, recording secretary;
William Stewart, financial eecretary; James
Eteuart. assistant financial secretary; Thomas
ftrahar.. treasurer; Gus Koster. orator; Oscar
Halton, senior Woodward; Carl Hedburg, junior
woodwird; M. A. Lewis, senior beadle; John
Anderson. Junior beadle: Dr. J. L. Siefkes.
court physician; George Dow. court deputy.
At the meeting of -Court Southern
Heighis of the Independent Order of For
esters in the Shiels building the following
officers were Installed for the current year
by the San Francisco board of deputies,
of which G. Q. Stewart is the president
and O. K. Brown the secretary:
Court Southern Heights, I. O. F.
Herbert B. Maggs, on behalf of the
circle, presented Mrs. Richardson, the
past guardian neighbor, a handsome jewel
of her. rank in the order. After the cere
monies there was a collation and a social
hour. .
Mrs. A. E. Richardson, past guardian neigh
bor; Mrs. M. E. McMahon. guardian neighbor;
Mrs. A. D. Forster. adviser; Mrs. E. F.
Blangy. banker; Mrs. A. R. Cornehl, clerk;
Mrs. A. Fickner. attendant: Mrs. J. M. Scott,
magician; Miss C. A. Wehr, captain of the
guard; Mrs. Lucy Chalmers, musician; Mrs.
L. W. Sunflphn, inner sentinel: Mrs. C. Don
nelly, outer sentinel; Charles Wehr,- manager.
The installation of the officers of Red
wood Circle of the Women of Woodcraft
in ihe Native Sons' building was wit
nessed by a large number of people. The.
inptalling officer was Mrs. A. D. Stan
eart, -who was aided in the work by the
guards of the circle.- The new officers are:
Redwood Circle, "W. O. W.
After the installation High Chief Ranger
Boehm presented a handsome emblematic
ford badge to the retiring chief ranger,
. J. McGrath. The presentation was fol
lowed by a banquet and dance.
J. J. HcGrath, past chief ranger; M. Boehm,
chief r&riger; J. Ammann, cub chief ranger;
M. Futciaer, financial secretary; J. Charpiot,
recording: secretary; R. Rosenblum. treasurer;
L. Harr..s, senior woodward; J. Hlllis. junior
¦woodward; C. Sennet, senior beadle; George
McCall, Junior beadle; Dr. J. M. Leffler, court
physician; J. F. Brandon, organist. ,
Court Bohemian, A. O. F.
The officers of Court Bohemian of the
Ancient Order of Foresters were installed
in public by the board of deputies. The
followirg named are the new officials:
C. J. Plate, past president; M. H. Hernan,
president; F. K. McElrath, first vice president;
J. F. Ga.ffney, second vice president; R. V.
Whiting, third vice president; J. P. Sweeney,
marshal; J. F. Tourney, recording secretary: A.
\\\ Borc^ers, financial secretary: Finlay Cook,
J. F. Eirgert, D. F. Gaiindo, trustees; D. C.
Withers, Inside sentinel; J. J. Murphy, outside
Bontinel; Drs. Datnkroger, Drlscoll and Smith,
Burgeons.
The oRicers who are to serve Xiantlc
Parlor of the Native Sons of the Golden
West daring the year were installed by
Deputy Grand President W. J. Donlan.
The ceremony was witnessed by First
Grand Vice President Lewis F. Byington
and ether grand officers. The new officers
are:
Nlantic Parlor, N. S. G. W.
Mary V. Van Horn, past president; Tina E.
ilacGoweji, president; Sarah H. Wilson, vice
president; Mary F. Moyce, recording secretary;
Dora H. Wlikins, financial secretary: Caroline
Dibblee. treasurer; Margaret J. Jones, chap
lain; Lrma Treas, conductor; Adeline Khle,
tuard; > ellie S. Salms, assistant conductor. .
The installation was followed by an in
teresting programme of entertainment, the
numbers - being contributed by Misses
Helen Coburn Heath, Lulu Feldheim,
Mabel Craig, Jennie Burns, Estelle
Davidson, Mrs. Cecelia Decker Cox, Miss
Cowen, Professor Bonelli, Dr. Joseph G.
Crawfoi-d, John W. Gwilts, Harry Strea
hxz and Maurice Kramer.
Those of the Woman's Relief Corps,
¦who we:re installed by Mrs. Irene S. Gib
son, axe:
Woman's Belief Corps.
Albert 6. Xs&bcs, past commander; Elr. I*.
E.mon, ommander; Qustar Mark, senior vice
commander; Henry P. Clapp, junior vice cora
zr.&nder; Alfred S. Isaacs, quartermaster;
Cliarles I>avie9. eurgeon; James H. Hilton,
cliaplain; A. Ennis. officer ot th« day; James
Kiero&n, officer ot the guard.
The o:ficers of the post, who were In
stalled by General Edward S» Salomon,
are:
The officers of James A. Garfleld Post
of the Grand Army of tho Kepubllc end
those of Jaxn.es A. Garfield Corps,
Woman's Relief Corps, were Installed In
the presence of a very large number of
the friends of both organizations.
The committee finds that Hawks made
a claim upon Heistand for compensation
.for services, but the charge that Assistant
Secretary Meiklejohn guaranteed to
Hawks a position In the Government ser
vice in part settlement of this claim Is
not sustained by the committee, but it ia
found that Meiklejohn did In March. 1900T
appoint Hawks to the position of inspector
of the customs service in the Philippines,
which appointment was revoked by Sec
retary Root in the May following.
Other findings are:
That while Heistand was the projector
of the hemp company he was not author
ized, to represent the other Government
officials who were engaged with him and
it Is not ' found , that the tariff duties
would be adjusted for their benefit.
That the matter of the adjustment of
the tariff was never mentioned directly or
indirectly by Colonel Heistand to General
Corbin, Assistant Secretary Meiklejohn.
Assistant Attorney General Boyd or As
sistant Secretary Allen. -
That Heistand asked General Corbin to
take stock and that the latter first as
sen ted and then' declined.
, The' testimony concerning the charge
that Heistand had promises from Assist
ant Secretary Allen and Assistant Secre
tary Meiklejohn Is repeated without com
ment, but the following is added:
¦ "your committee further finds tha.tthe
Assistant Secretary of War. G. D.- Melkle
john has not used Government positions
for the purpose of paving private debts
of any officer of the Government."
The committee finds that the letter of
commendation of Hawks of date July 13,
1899. signed jointly by Colonel Heistand.
Assistant Attorney General Boyd and As
sistant Secretary Meiklejohn was not
sJjmerl officially bv t*e§S* officers and also
that the words "the Government will look
with favor on the same." meaning the en
terprise, were not in the corrected copy
of that letter.' :
"It is," says the report, "impossible for
the committee to- divine Colonel Hei
stand's intention when he said: 'Of course
the needs of the future will be met as
they require,' referring to the Philippine
tariff."
The company then prepared a pros
pectus and a blank for the names of sub
scribers, but the incorporation of the
company never was consummated. The
committee finds that Heistand and Hawks
canvassed the possibility of interesting the
Government officials whose names are
mentioned in the resolution. . It is found
that Heistand wrote to Hawks In 1899
as charged, sending documents and mak
ing suggestions about the Philippine
tariff, but the committee says that these
suggestions are capable of different con
structions. - . .' ¦ .
- .The report cites ; the charge quoted in
the resolution of < inquiry that Colonel
Helstand in 1899 was engaged in forming
a combination for the purpose of con
trolling the hemp product of the Philip
pines and that the names of Assistant
Secretary Meiklejohn, Assistant Attorney
General Boyd, Assistant Secretary Allen
and General Corbin had been frequently
mentioned by him as asso«*ates with him
in the enterprise.
The committee finds that the charge
made in the first paragraph of the pre
amble to the resolution is not true, the
facts in that connection being that Col
onel (then Major) Heistand, about May,
1899, proposed to Major E. L. Hawks, who
had i been major of . the Tenth "Volunteer
Infantry, a scheme for - establishing a
manufacturing plant in Manila for .the
manufacture of the hemp product in these
islands and suggested to Major Hawks
to take charge of it, which offer the lat
ter accepted.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— The Senate
Committee on Military Affairs .to-day
unanimously 'agreed, upon a report In the
case making, charges against Lieutenant
Colonel H. O. S. Helstand of the army,
which was presented to the Senate by
Senator Cockrell of Missouri. The report
contains a concise 'statement of the facts
in the caBe as brought out by the inquiry
and casts no reflection upon any 'of the
officers of the Government whose names
were mentioned in connection with the
matter. •••¦.¦. •
Faughman led a party of men into Brit
ish Columbia during the Fraser River ex
citement. For several years he was at
Virginia City. During the last twenty-five
years he lived In Oakland. He was one ot
the familiar characters about Seventh
street and Broadway. Only the wife, 75
years old, survives him and she Is In want
Faughman's life was identified with the
earliest pioneer days. He 'was born
seventy-eight years ago p.t Rocklin, Me.
Coming to California- In 1849, he went to
Tuolumne County, where in the troublous
days he served a3 a deputy Sheriff, earn
ing a reputation as a brave officer that
remained with him for many" ears.
"He was one of the most "courageous
men I ever knew." said former Chief of
Police Fletcher to-day. "I knew him in
the early days and he proved his courage
then." ' .
Deputy Coroner Quellen said:
There were wagon tracks across the fields,
showing where the team had gone from Forty
sixth toward Forty-seventh street. At the
creek bank the wheels made a sharp turn to
the right, as If the driver had seen the dan
ger too late and was trying to save himself
frtim going Into the creek. There was noth
ing of a suspicious character about the case,
eo far as I could see.
He left Cooper's grocery on Watts street
about 6:30 o'clock and was perfectly sober.
All night I searched In vain for him and
learned nothing until this morning:, when they
brought me the news of his death. I cannot
believe It was an accident.
He was at home at 6 o'clock, and left on
his wagon to deliver some goods, saying he
would, return at 1 o'clock. He always was
punctual, and when he had not come back at
7:30 I went out to look for him. -
OAKLAND, Jam &.— With the head and
body crushed and lying in Temescal
Creek under his overturned wagon the
remains of John M. Paughman, an aged
expressman, were found at 8 o'clock this
morning by R, II. Fallmer, residing at
694 Forty-seventh street, and J. I. Kelley
of Fifty-third street, The accident that
caused the old pioneer's death" occurred
last night after 8 o'clock, when Faugh
man was last seen alive near his home at
2045 Filbert atreet. He left there to de
livejr some bundles. The appearances are
that his horse either ran away with the
driver - or wandered across I the fields at
Forty-seventh and Adeline streets, plung
ing over the fourteen-foot embankment
into the creek. •
The wagon was upset and Faughman
was pinned under the overturned seat.
The horee was drowned, being caught by
the shafts and prevented from moving.
Fallmer and Kelley saw the wagon and
did not discover Faughman' s body until
they climbed down the steep incline
to investigate. The body was taken
in charge by Deputy Coroner Quellen.
Faughrnan's aged wife declares that her
husband met foul play. She says:
Ib Thrown Over a Bluff From
Wagon by Runaway
Team.
Los Angeles Authorities at
Work on a \ Mysterious
• • . - : ' ..> ' Case. ' /
Secretary Waloott Tells How
£ Higher Education Will
_ Be Aided.
Members to Limit Freedom
to Be Allowed Catholic
Sepias in Platinum Mingle
With Bromides and
Bichromates.
Tokens of Friendship Are
Presented to Those
Who Retire.
Miscreant 'Thought to
>Have Planned Atro-
cious Grime.
Pope Leo Names Com
; mission to Answer s
Modern Questions/
Trustees Are Named to
Oonduct the Oarnegie
• Institution.
Meiklejohn, Bpyd, Corbin and
Allen Escape Censure for
the Colonel's Scheme.
Government Officials Are
C leared in Hemp
',}'¦ Inquiry.
Photographers' Second
Salon Proves
Success.
Some of tho Officers
Who Will Servo
This Term.
Pioneer J. M. Faughman
Meets With Violent
• Death.
SOCIETY VIEWS
WORKS OF ART
INSTALLATIONS
IN MANY LODGES
11
MEN TO CARRY
OUT THE WORK
WILL CONSIDER
STUDY OF BIBLE
LEAVES POISON
FOR THE CHILD
FIND HIS BODY
IN THE CREEK
NOT IMPLICATED
WITH HEISTAND
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY V 10; 1902.
-PEKING,. Jan. 9— Dr.; Pooled who was
attached ¦> to the .American • legation here
as surgeon, is dead of typhoid. fever. ,
Dr.'Poole.
Licensed \ to\ Marry.
';. OAKLAND. -Jan. 9.— Licenses to : marry
were r issued t to-day ¦ to ¦ George - : Henry
Kroh,'- aged :34, ; and , Bianca M. • Riley, 24,
both' of San* Francisco;; James C.' Jessen.
4i;>and Eleanor»M. Burns;i26, both of San
Francisco ; : Joseph; Broyno, ¦ 35.V and Annie
Dudgeon,' 30,*both of San Francisco;, John
A. Basham, 21," Marysville, and Grace <E.
Calkins, 23;- Berkeley. ,-,-
Centrist Leader, Is Seriously HI.
BERLIN, Jan. 9.-f Dr. Ernst Lieber, tho
Centrist leader in the Reichstag:, is " se
riously. ilL;..
will make cows
milk agree .with v
your baby.
Write for a free I
-" Nlellih's 'Food Co.,
Boston, Wass. J&THE SAN FRA -NCISGO? :C ALL,* FRIDAY^ eTA^NTTARY 10^ 1 902
12
SA5 FRAXCISCO CALL.'
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Sen Francisco
Ca!!. corner cf Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— M7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cjien until 0:30 p. tn. \
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. I
«."» KcAHietRr iti-cct; open until 9:30 P.- m.
«15 Larkln street; cpon until 9:30 p. m.' ,";-¦-
1041 MlfElon street: open until 10 p. m. • •
22C1 Market ctreet. corner Sixteenth; ' open
until 9 p. m; ¦ ' -
1«> Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
IO0C Valencia street: cpen until 9 p.'m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second end * Ken-
tucky rtreets; cpen until 0 p. m. .
2200 Filimorp street: open until ?> p. m.
¦ MEETISG NOTICES; './ •
CALIFORNIA Commcndcry No. 1. K. ,-^._
T.. S Poet st. — Kesrular assembly TSbP
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:30 [£3
o clock. Oroer of ltod Cross. All ira- *&9.
rent are cordially Invlt*d. By order of-
. the Ccttm-.ancier.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
OOLSEN GATE Lodre No. 30. F. and m
A. M.. wili attend the funeral of our _#\_
late brother. FREDERICK EUGENE 121
MAGUNE. at Mtsonic Temple. FRI- '~ *
DAT. j&nuary 10. 1002. at 1:30 p. m. ¦ Special
funeral car. Master ilasuns and frlfnds.of
<3*ce«Bed respectfully Invited. By o«-dcr'of
W. M. EDWIN L. MEYER, S*c:etary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 12TJ, L O. O.
F.— First (1st) Dc-r.rce THIS
(FRIDAY) EVEKINQ. January
10 S o'clock. Visitor* cordially ,*"**¦
Invited W. H. OIBSON. N. O.
Vv. F. NORCItCtS, Recording Secretary^
OPHIR Lodge No. 171. I. O. O. F.
— lnnaMatlon of o:ficer» THIS
O^RIDAT) EVENING. Visiting -^5*5^
brothoiii cordially Invited. -. ¦ „ '
J. R. MORRISON. R. S.
S.KHGENT Lodze No. S«JL O. O. «^*«_a,
F.— Initiation THIS (FRIDAY) ?#_3JH&:
EVENING. Vldtlng brothers ~^j!)ffi$£r ¦
welcomed. l. D. GORDON. N. O.
OSO. W. P1XON. Secretary. . .
BAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. K;
O. T. M.— Re\1cw VHIS (FRIDAY) /C&TOak
SVENING at 8 o'clock. Pl=»«TR3d|j»
Ua.M. 14 fourlh H. %3$^af
H. H. CASTLE. T&g&r
Record Keeper. -
¦ • ASPHALTUM ROOF3\G. _j_ -.
CITT ASPHALTUM CO.. C{2 Market St.— Roofs.
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2333.
.-¦;'-. A'n')K.\IilS- ,AT LAW. ,
ADVlCli free; divorces a specialty ;quiclt» quiet ;
• no charge without success; established 10 yis.
ut.en evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn31Sl.
C: W. HOWt; S50 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE fr^er divorce: bankruptcy; collections;
attachments: mortgages; bills of sale; partner-
ships; deeds: wills drawn; no'fee unless suc-
tes-aful; open eve's. J.M.Thur'ston.SlO Market.
R. W. KING. ' Examiner bldg.. 6th floor; ' all
cases": fees low; estates, collections; etc.; con-
sultation free; no; advance, fees; open eves.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. . W.'
W. -DAVIDSON. 027 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.,- 027 Mar-
. - ket et.rconsultatlon free; no fees in advance.
m». » ».L.it. >—••¦«! r Mill- <»r. i-J^ciiniijr*?.
ALLEN.'.agent for Columbia and all good bicy-
cles; eecond-hand wheels reduced. 301 Larkin.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN. ; ;
YOUNG child' to board lc private family;
reasonable. -Box' 28123. "Call:
" UOOKS — MSW AAU OLD.
FOR "astrological, occult. - metaphysical books
go to 142i> Market, et. S. F.
.nUSlKESH CHAXCES.
A^7l»ri?ESTAURANT and chop house; kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 per
month; located -in and -between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given.
Call It. G. WILKE. -20& Kearny st. • '
5 500— POULTRY and wild game store doing ft
good raying buslneEs; low rent; location can t
be beat. See R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
5600— SALOON established years; good busi-
ness; lease; located close to Market and
Third sts.: rare chance for good location in
. buclaess. . Call R. G. WILKE. 26»j Kearny.
A— $300; BRANCH- bakery and confectionery;
close to large schools; living rooms; i«-nt $20;
value tn sight. : Call R. G. WILKE. 2iJ%
Kearny Bt. . . - . ' ¦• - -'. '
A— $W0 COAL and wood yard, with 4 horses
and 2 wagons: business- Is located In oak-
LODGraG HOUSES FOajJ»AJL]Bj-_Con.
CALL 6n"ret¥lOFF. V HE "cAN?8UIT .-.YOU.
30 rooms; owner sick;. must sell........ $^oO
12 rooms; corner; clears $45. ... .;. .... 52o
ICO rme.; grand cor.; clears $500; pay mts. 5500
21 rooms; Al- location; payments. .'. . . .'.': 1000
8 rooms; just listed; -good..".". ...'.'. .¦;.¦:' oOO
18 rooms; well furnished; bargain...... : UaO
35 rooms; clears $200; exclusive' sale. ...3000
22 rooms; best in city; payments.. .;.. 240ft
Money to loan. .-.-- A.. H.. RETSLOFF,
(Tel. John 531.) 906 Market St., cor.; Ellis. -;
T7-ROOM CORNER. .....¦.'..: . .FIRST r CLASS
•...."..Long lease; furnished' elegantly: ....:
/•Price only $1505. Payments. RETSLOFF. r
12-R00M CORNER: VERY 'GOOD; price only
$300; half cash. RETSLOFF.: . ;¦.':,', ' '
10-ROOM HOUSE. ALWAYS CLEARS $65., -
To make a .quick sale I offer this bargain at
only $050; payments. . RETSLOFF. .- -' " :
A— WE buy sell or exchange lodging-houses of
any kind. STRAND & CO., 200 Kearny st.
A — ELEGANT new northwest corner. -45 rooms,
4 baths. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
. Call, 10 pages. . sent : to : any address in the
United Statgg or Canada one year > for $1. '
SPIKITUALISBI. . :.
MME. CARLA HANSON, v from Chicago, wan-
derful clairvoyant? and ¦ card reader; . advice
. given on all affairs' cf life for short time only;
4 no sign; hours 9 to/5, v 008 Ellis; -, residence
215 Gough; Sunday evenings by appointment.
A— C. V. 11ILLER. world's -famous materlalA-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun... 8 p. m. ; 60c. , !CS4 > Bush Bt.
BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough; phons Larkin 3761— Seances . Sun.,
Tues.. Thurs., 9:15 p. m.; 25c; readings, 10-5.
MHS. .f. J. . WHITNEf, trance, bus. medium;
• life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $1'. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st.; readings, OOo,
$1; circle Tues., Thur. r Fri. night, 10c. ¦.:.
MIlS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night; sealed
letters read. 10c: readings dally. 132, Sixth.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing Friday. Sun-
day. 8 p. m. 325 Ellis St.; 50c. •• ¦ ¦'¦.-
EDWARD EARLE. S28 Ellis: readings daily:
¦ phone Polk 1601; seance Syinday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 305 McAllister — Mrs. C. J.
'.-¦-0 .' . :: ¦' X iEDCCATIONAL. : . . "=¦' V ". :'-.'
SECOND • term i night school for menT" Young
•'. Men s Christian Association,' Malon and Ellis
Q. *}*•} : 1 5- week < courses, beginning January '¦ 0;
- - bookkeepine: ; eourse $5, electrical course < $5,
English course $3, stenographer's course $4; ¦
. classes in: algebra, . Anglo- American history,
. architectural drawing, arithmetic, assaying,
. bookkeeping, ' civil government, • civil : service,
, • commercial geography, commercial . law, • elec-
.trlcity, elocution, English, free-hand draw-
. ing,' geometry, German, mechanical drawing,
.vocal music, naval architecture, penmanship,;
. political science/ social economics, I steam ¦ en-
gineering, stenography and typewriting. ; Ap-
ply at offlce for hours and tuition prices/ A:
-' A. •> MACURDA; (Educational Director; . H. J.
.; McCOY. General Secretary. , n -¦¦¦'¦-.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
r NEERING — Theory, demonstration. ¦ construc-
. tion, 'laboratory -and shop work; -thoroughly
practical; -day and night: '24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free. i£Ei£$9B99~MHK&'-~ '
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— p$8 per month ; $50 life -scholarship guaran-
tees- a . complete bus. ¦ education; shorthand,
typing; bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
.-spelling, Spanish, etc.; e'xperienced ¦ teachers ;
¦new typewriters; positions ¦ secured ; cat, free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete.equipment;
. ¦ all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
, . engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
1 A— The official reporters of Supreme : Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
;MAREH COLLEGE. . Is : this advice worth
. following? > LtfB scholarship $50;; catalogue.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand,', typ-
, . ing, practical bookkeeping. . Rooms 40-45, Par-
:, rott bids:. : individual . instruction ; , catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day; eve.; est. 1664. -Van
der Nalllcn School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business I College; most thorough
; modern methods; positions for all graduates;
/ new eo-page catalogue tree. 305 Larkin St..
A FULL course .of Ellis bookkeeping and trie
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsso ,, Buslneea College, 123G Market st.-
ACTING, elocution, specialties : Hallet School,
.. associated with theatrical " agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell at.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, : 220 Parrott bldg.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
- moved to Native Sons' Hall, . 414 Maaon st.
_\ : _y: : ___ /'._FlilASCTAU\^ || ; | .; ; '..'V'.... ;
COMPANIES : . promoted. ; guaranteed 7 and .
financed, stock ;¦ taken , in payment • for serv-
;, ices ; good : propositions , wanted ; ¦ KOla_555Jj;
¦ furnished.' ' • PACIFIC • - STATES MINING
- AND ¦ INVESTMENT CO.. : 326 ¦ Post ! st. .¦¦ .
PACIFIC Coast ; Underwriting '•• Co. (Inc.)— We -
have 42 offices tn> operation;; new method .of
. placing ; stocks | and | bonds ; | companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
. or address main offlce. B07-8-9 Parrott bldg.
¦ ¦ v. „ ¦ '• -r-y ; " : .'.''- J 'f ¦ :
A— 10 TO 20 days" free rent to deslrable^ten-
. ants of brand new, 6 and, 6. rooms, path; 2
-¦- grates," sunshine in every.room. social room.
nice yard, 4 car lines. .Apply SPECK & CO.,
6G7 Market st. " .
OAK, 1909— Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new: , never - been . used; > frescoed - ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern Improvements;
. looking out on park: rent $37 50; can be seen
-^between 11 and 3 o'clock.: '¦>-- , . .
5 SUNNY rooms ; and cellar." 126& Fern ave.,
near Polk and Sutter fits. t - -
FLATS. FOR^SALE-VCRNISHEa; ¦
$^.^UP^E^~flXtT r 15r7~Goiden Gate ave. : 4
. . rooms, bath gas range, etc. ; nice home; 1-4. •
/ '., '.'} FUlixiTUnB } FOB ) SALE.y . "' ' ;
i^KOOMslrurnishedTn oak. $48 B0. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.'. 1127-1131 Market. ;
; rritMTunK wanted. . .
WILSON t buvo all kinds of household goode.
• 1710 Market ' st. ; ¦ tel. South 413. ; ' - ¦ ; : ;
A. WOLLPERT.; 773 Mission st.,.pays highest
-price for second-hand furniture; tel. -Red lbSL* ;
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
?warranted: kept in repair.-: 121 Grant ave. .
HEL1' WAXTBD— -FKMALE. _
WANTED— 4 cooks, small wash, Oakland, $25, :
$30; 5 cooks, German style, $30; 7 second
girls, in city. Oakland, Menlo, $25; govern-
ess, - $25, ; housekeeper, Shasta Co.. $12 50; .
_ -HKLPfi WANTBn— MAT.JR— -^«w. '_ J_-
A— MURRAY &, READY..;. Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
..... ... . . .OFFICE ' OPEN 7 A. M.V.. .'
Woodchoppcrs ;...;..'.... '. '. . .' Reduced f ar* s
woodchoppors for a new camp, o years
Job, : to cut 4-foot ¦ wood, redwood, pine and
oak, 75c, $1 15 and $1 50 cord, level ground,
virgin timber; you can make good money on
this Job. . . .\ Cheap fares
........... ALSO TIEM AKERS -
25 men to make redwood ties. 10c each.
- .:. Reduced f*rea
! "HANDYMEN 'WITH SAW AND AX...
Here is a good -Job for men to learn tie-
25 men to "learn to make hewn and split ties,
10c to 15c each, tools -furnished, for large
lumber' company. :... '•'.'.;. A •••• v*U
. 6 plow teamsters. ,$30; 5 pruners."- orchard
and vineyard .-•; ••_•••:.*!.;• V'TT;
Experienced milk wagon driver... $35 and fd
Second cook, resUurant .... . $10 week and f d
Starch ironer, $35, and founds waiter, coun-
try hotel. $30; cook and dishwasher, plain
V MURRAY" : & •READY;.* ¦'¦'.'.'634-'63g'Jciay' Vt".
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character,. between. the ages of 21 and rfa^j not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
GOOD bootblack wanted at . 1531 . Polk st.
STEADY man with $150 cash can make $73
• montfi. . Apply 209 : Kearny St.. . room 1.
WANTED— Bootblack for Saturday and Sun-
' day. 202 Fourth st. . - '.'.
BARBER Saturday and Sunday; $5. 260
Third St. . - ...;.'. * ¦ - - .
3-CH AIR barber shop for sale; good location;
account departure. Box 2028, Call.
WANTED— A competent, qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory: state salary and where employed. Box
2279, Call offlce. ' .
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' ¦¦-....¦' . . . ¦ '- '
WANTED— First-class glass beveler. Apply
at once Los Angeles Art Glass Co., 625 8.
. Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.
MATTRE8SKS ASP -WIAOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and setriHsed, uphoW
sterv-Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar- x
Si HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.: tel. Bush 421. '
'1^^ 5^_a^_g5^s- gBW>
.MlSf^LI^JKOTS-^FjUl^-^A^JS^l^
¦ohtt irT^GS oncirttxi *M-h»n<l machinery. Me-
In^ToJh & WOLPMAX 105-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale cheap— Several good "coofclnK -»t««jw^
6. 7. 8 and No. 10; 1 steel Wf"^^ "fj 1
shelf: 1 8-ft. brick range: 1 «-ft. brick range.
. At WM. LOANE. 4&> Fifth St. ¦ .
A— BUYS, sells or rents sear, machinery, en-
ginea, boilers, water pipes, shafting, puuejrs.
- eta. ' WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at. . -
LOT-2d-hand pipe, all sfzes; cheap; also nevr
lot belting: half price of regular -goods. JL
S. WHITE. 516-520 Mission st.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
St., upstairs. _J _____
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearoy St.. near Pine.
FlNE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery fct.
FOR sale-^Ui-horsepower gas engine In good
order. WM. LOANE. 43S> Fifth St. ;
FRESH young Durham cow; rich nrilk; gentle.
83 Shotwell at. [ .
WANTED— Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MATJZY; 308 Post st. ¦
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried la stock-
BAKER & HAMILTON. ¦ ¦ *
FAtRBANK'S 10- ton hay scales: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 218 California »u
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1S13, worth $250,' only
$90./ Portland Loan Offlce, 25 Stockton tl
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 50. Port-
land I^anOfflce^23_Stockton_s_ ¦
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $3.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton «t.
WALLPAPER, 8o a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN..1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand. all makes, at lpw
nHresfL. & 5. ALEXANDER. 110 Montafy.
15, Amefan Association 'E7^T"~llni
of Maeters and Pilots— ttoJ : >jK»»*^
OTf.ccrs urtd members are iajfl* 1 *^^
hereby requested to meet at f
Harbor H_l, ferry building, on FRIDAY.
January 10, at 12:30 p. m., for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our late brother.
Captain F. E. MAGUNE. Services at Ma-
eonlc Temple at 1:30 p. m. |
W. M. RANDALL, Captain.
R. N. PIPPEY. Secretary.
NOTICE of Meeting of Stockholders — Office of
the Union Trust Company of San Francisco.
2 ¦ Montgomery St.. northeast corner of Mont-
gomery and Post sts., San Francisco, Cal.,
Jan. V, 1902.— Notice is hereby given that
pursuant to a resolution of the, board of
directors of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco, a corporation, adopted on the 9th
day of January. l»02. at a<meetinz of Bald
board, duly held at the offlce of said com- j
pany, in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. State of California, a majority of the
members of said board being present, a meet-
ing of the stockholders of eaid company will
be held at the of flee and principal place of
business, of said corporation, to wit. In the
rear room on the uround floor of the build-
Ing on the northeast corner of Montgomery
and Post sts., known as No. 2 Montgomery
st., in the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, said building being the
building where the .board of directors of said
corporation usually meet, and said room be-
ing the room in said building where the
stockholders of said corporation usually meet,
on THURSDAY, the 27th day of March.
19C2. at 3 o'clock p. m., for the object and
purpose of thereupon considering and voting-
ufon a proposition to increase the capital
stock of^ said corporation from $1,250,000 00
< divided into 3— o" eh&res of the par value
of $1000 00 each share) to $1,500,000 00 (di-
vided into 1500 shares of the par value of
$1000 00 each share). By order of the board
o* directors.
UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
(Seal) By I. TV. HELLMAK JR.. Sec
HAKALAU PLANTATION COMPANY, offlce I
827 Market *t., San .Francisco, Dec. 31, 1901:
Annual meeting — The annual meeting of the
ftockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany will be held 8t the offlce of the com-
land; established years and first-class pay-
liig. AH particulars R. G. WtLKE, vtftt
Kearny st. . _______________
A-J400: SALOON on water front; rent $20;
good paying business; investigate at once: a
rare chance. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 2«H
Keaniy et. '¦_ '
A— CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease,, good will for
$4lH); stock at invoice; location can't be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE, -26>£ Kearny st.
A— S1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
St.; rent $25; place established many, years
and doing a good business; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26 'j Kearny st.
A— $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant: es-
tablished years; first-class paying: located
closa to Chronicle building; bargain; call
soon. R. G. WILKE, 26'^ Kearny St.
A — $800; COFFEE saloon. In wholesale dis-
trict; rent $50; no' Sunday or. night work,
and clearing above $200 per month. Call R.
G. WILKE. .26 Vj Kearny st. ¦ - . :' '
A — PARTY wanted with $3000 to $5000 to
buy interest in one of the ¦ olde3t established
general commission houses oT this city; hon-
' est and active man wanted; references to be
exchanged :' books open for inspection. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
X— $660; SALOON close to Kearny and Cali-
fornia sts. ; rent $30: good paying business;
full value in sight. Call R. G. WILKE. 20£i
Kearny et. : .-¦*-¦-•
A— $400; MILK depot and dairy produce store
on Fifth St.; rent ?20; living rooms; fine
opening for rr>an and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2614 Kearny gt.
A — $400; SALOON, - city front: rent $20; re-
ceipts $15 day. . STRAND & CO., 2C5» Kearny.
A— $1500; FIRST-CLASS saloon; Market Et.;
clears $500 mo. STRAND & CO., 200 Kearny.
A — WE buy. sell or exchange business of
any kind. STRAND & CO., 2o0 Kearny st.
KEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy st.,- rooms 18 and 19.. ••-/>
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above. - -
Meyer; sittings daily; test to an to-mgni; xuc.
MRS. \ r ALEEN. medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 50c and $1. 15S3 Market, near Twelfth.
CARD reading: ladles 10c; gentlemen 25s; \
hours, 1 to 8. 625 Minna st., -near Seventh.
, CLA1RVOYAKTS. - ¦
ONE rKDLLAR!~rrr.Trr7rrr?0NE~DbLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY. PRICHARD. -
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London-
Have a psychic or, -palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects . for 1902.
$1 00! $100! $100! $1 00! .
His Regular $5 00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR!. ;. ...'..'...•.. .ONE DOLLAR!
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers* quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you .will mar-
ry, how to WIN -the man' or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you . love
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 daily: 10 to. 5
Sundays. -
Receotlon room*. 13. 14. first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. II. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
i description of the past, reveals the present hap-
I penings and portrays events to occur :ln the
[happyjor not satisfied in life.* or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how .to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs. of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. T^el. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket ft... cor. Golden" Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
) with special terms. Dally and Sunday. •
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past.
ARITHMETIC/ bookkeeping, grammar, writing, |
. etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.. 6th. j
SPANISH, French, etc] Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
¦ of Lar.guages.320Post lestab'd 1871 ;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught by: mail or personally.
- MISS M. G. BARRETT. ' 302 Montgomery st.
C. Hoffman, - European tenor & voice builder:
Ital. meth.; concert & oratorio., 1017 Sutter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof.- MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' S DAY- and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessors. 50c; piano for practice. 30 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
¦ founded IS'33 ; new 80-page catalogue free.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Catl, 10 pages, sent to any address in ,- the
- United . States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.- ' ¦• ¦ ' • ___^_
EJIPLOYMENT \ OFFICES. I
A— JAPANESE reliable' house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. KI-
NOSHITA, 1233 Page, cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help;~estab.,20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 CTay.
JAPANESE ; and Chinese best help : icook and
waiter.: 421 Post. GEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135..
.CHINESE . and Japanese" Employment Office-
Best help. 41U4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 42U.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice ; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
JAPANESE • Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516. ..
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi.
ne8e help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.'Black 5072. j
¦EMPLOYMENT WANTED— ¦FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker 'ieslres work by the
Asv .--. Onli nn. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter
head waitress, < $25; 2 second gins, uerKeiey,
$25; housework, . sleep' home, no washing,
$20; 2 chambermaids, assist waiting, coun-
• try, $20, $25;; chambermaid and Eewing, $25;
: chambermaid and laundress, $25; restaurant
waitresses, $9. $8 week. Girls wanting work
call early as we can suit' you In all kinds of
.housework, city or near-by, towns. -.Apply to
-J/F. CROSETT &, CO., 334 Sutter st. ¦' /
A--MRS. M. E. DAYJ& CO.. Phone Main 1575
.:-.... .HOTEL DEPARTMENT .. MS]
- Head iw&Itress, $35; -8 waitresses, country
hotels, $20, $22.50 and $25; 9 waitresses, city.
$20, $25; restaurant waitresses," $25; 3 cham-
bermaids to wait, $20;. 2 chambermaids,
Southern California, $20, half fare....
.....'... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
3 cook?, $.10; 2 second girls, - $25; 12 house
girls, $20, $25 and $35; nurse girl, $20; many
¦ choice reliable blaces.- . . " •
.MRS, M..E. DAY-& CO 335 Geary st.
GIRL for light second work. Call between 10
and 12., 2208 Buchanan st. : '
SMALL girl, white or colored, to assist In light
housework; wages $7. 264 San Carlos ave.;
off Mission sL, near Twentieth.
OPERATORS on shirt waists; good pay.
.BAUER BROS; CO., 21 Sansome st.
WANTED — Girls ' to work at the mangles. The
French Laundry Co., 3372 Mission st.
GIRL for housework and cooking. - 1922 Baker
.; ; st. {Call mornings. Young couple.
GIRL for plain cooking and downstairs work.
2450 Mission St., bet. 20th and 21st sts. >
WAITRESS or girl to learn wait table: small
restaurant: wages." 82 Eighth st. ~-.\ -
APPRENTICES wanted: .apply afternoons.
'Sahleln's Bon Ton Millinery, 873 Market st.
WANTED — A girl for cooking and laundry
work. "Apply 2409 Washington st. ¦ ¦ .
DISHWASHER — 511 Brannan St.,. near Fourth;
call early; no Sunday work. ¦
WANTED — Young girl to assist in light house-
. keeping. 25E Silver st. . . .
WANTED — Experienced dyer and cleaner; ref-
erences required. - 5S3 Mission st. .
WANTED — Boy for mercantile house. Address,
stating age, box 2271. Call office.
EXPERIENCED starch Ironer; also mangle
girl. Russ House Laundry. '
WANTED^ — Business men to present a good
proposition; we want good talkers; salary.
819 Market, room 45; room 41, "Macdonough
' bldg., ' Oaklandt room 65, Porter bldg.. San
Jose.' . .
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, . Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
•that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
.rooms; 25c per night; ?1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay St. ¦ . ¦ - .- •
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission Bt:, bet. 1st and 2d sta.
YOUNG ' man to do janitor work and learn
trade at S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
MCDONALD A PERRY have 500 pairs- second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241- Third st. -
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
. 50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr.Sth.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. 3, 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H.. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships - for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions has been established at 1006
" Valencia et. '¦'
HORSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fall to attend the auction sale Wednes-
CAROLINE engines, all sizes, new and Sd-haad,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 896 Mission sL
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 130 Beale st.
SAFES — New and eecond-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLAS3 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
. bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; B drawers: oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sixes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. £21 Mission St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECI^13V Po«t st.
- »118CEL1AXEOC» WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Jessie 2881.
WANTED— A few diamonds; will pay cash
orders at once. Box 2973. Call office. i
LADIES & gents* good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. SUverman, 9S4 Folsom ;tel.Folsomll91.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MOMEY TO LOAS.
HERMAN MURPHY," ~603 Examiner building.
........ |4,50O,000 at lowest rates ........
...... on first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property being held In trust .......
.....Undivided interests In real estate .....
..Life Insurance policies, estates In probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
;....ff You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. C03 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5% & 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests ill real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024 MAN".
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bl«.
ANY AMOUNT AT « PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
of Ban Francisco. . State of California, on I
WEDNESDAY, the ISth day of January,
10C2, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to terve for the ensuing year and for the
purpose of smendine article HI of the by-
laws of the company, relating to the annual
meeting of stockholders and for such ¦ other
business es may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday Jan-
uary 4, at 12 o'clock m. By order of the !
president. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary, j
NOTICE % to stockholders of Honolulu Planta- |
tlen Company— Notice Is hereby given that In j
pursuance of a resolution of^tlre Board of !
Directors of the Honolulu Plantation Com- 1
pany. duly adopted at a meeting of said '
board held on the jpth day of November, i. I
D. 130L a special meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Honolulu Plantation Company will
be held en MONDAY, the 27th day of Janu-
ary, A. D. 19C2, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m. of that day. at the office of the corpo-
ration. No. 327 Market St., in the city and
county or San Francisco. State of California,
the lame being the principal place of busl-
nees *nd the office of said corporation, and
the building where the Board of Directors
usually meet, for the purpose of considering
and acting upon a proposition to create a j
bonded Indebtedness of said cornoration to i
the tmount of one million two hundred and ¦
fifty- thousand (1.250.C00) dollars, to the end I
end fcr the purpose of providing means and !
raising moneys to pay the existing indebted- '
ness of said corporation and the indebtedness I
Incurred and to be incurred in the develop- I
inent of its properties and "the construction
and cors-Dletion cf its works and Improve-
ments, the purchase of machinery and th»
acquisition of such other property as may
be within the purposes and objects of said
corporation. Dated San Francisco. November
*?. 1901. H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — The annual !
meeting of the stockholders of the Union Iron I
Works will be held at the Office of the com-
pany, 222 Market st.. San Francisco, on
TLESDAY. January 21, 1902. at 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to rcrve for the ensuing year and I
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. O'B. GUNN, Secretary
Office 222 Market et., San Francisco Cal -
January 9. 1902. ' . '
A^NUAlTMEETIpG3oCEANIC~iTiAljiHIP j
COMPANY.— The regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship '
Company will be "held at the office of the i
company, 327 Market street, in the City and
» E | f n S AV n BSS_^r___8?3S 1
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for th. ™,rl i
OLD-ESTABLISHED real estate business, good
location, for sale cheap- account sickness;
Fteady income more than expenses; chance to
double business. J. R. WEBB, Nevada block,
r. 36. ¦ ¦
Al HOTEL property and furniture, bar, etc.,
doing a big' business: the only hotel; sacri-
ficed because of sickness; only S575O.
N. d; SICKELS, the Land 'Agent, 6 Geary st.
FOR "sale — At a great . sacrifice, a restaurant";
pood location: cheap rent: must bs sold at
once. Inquire 7C<5 Market st.. rooms 1 and
2. McBRIDE & CO. . . ¦ '..
S;IT.O — PARTXER : $200 cash. bal. out of busi-
ness; no experience. Decker. 021- Markt., r. 5.
IT you want to buy a business cr sell go to
DECKER. fi21 Market st.
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50. to $6
daily. Ask C. L. HEDGES, 4C2 Parrott bldg.
5350 — Partnership; estab. bus.; pleasant occu-
patlon;duties light. Cal.Bus.Assn.,' 565 Vj Mkt.
AN active partner required in an old estab-
lished wholesale and manufacturing tea. cof-
fee and spice business located in our whole-
sale district; an. excellent opening for the
right man; principals only. Address box
22C7. Call office. ¦>--.
I WANT to buy a saloon or : grocery and bar
either side .of Market. Box 2041, Call office.
CAN DY store /and ¦ factory • for sale; sacrifice.
2C0 ElIlS Et. ; : ¦..-. -:.'. . -.-' . ¦ .' ¦
ERIGHT man - -with small capital can hear of
exceptionally good • opportunity; legitimate
business. Box 2284,- Call .office.
ROUTE for feale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle St., Santa
Cruz, -Cal. - \ -. - -.'¦'¦¦¦¦--
FOR . Sale — A- good planing mill ; In a lumber
yard; located In 'a growing' town; Address
P. O. box 450. Hcaldsbunr, Cal.: ' '•
ESTABLISHED fruit, and vegetable stand for
tale; 2 living rooms; cheap. - 1.50 Eighth 'Et. I .
WANTED — Laundry route, horse and wagon;
state price. . Address box' 2992, Call office, i
OTSTER and chop house for sale, 623 Pacific
st.; prop, has two places; wants to. sell one.
AN established manufacturing, wholesale & re-
tail, business for sale cheap. Call' at 247 5th.
ESTABLISHED undertaking business in Oe f>
'land'Ht invoice. Box- 700, Alameda. - -
FRUIT store for sale on easy terms; paying
business. 151 Ninth st. • ' .^
- future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up;, satisfaction to everybody;
-open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215^ 6th;
j A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,
¦ HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when all others fall: permanently
:ocated at 125 Turk St.: readings by mail. .
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, cp-
rosiie Sixth: private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m..
| MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant Sf card
i reader born with double veil — second sight;
I diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles50c,
j gents $1: palm, and cJalr. sit, $1 50. 126 Turk.
J A— MISS ¦ M. WILLE. T.26A Ellis: clairvoyant.
cryctal seer; reads your life correctly without
i ques.;- full names, 50c-Sl: 10 a. m. to S p.m.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL. clairvoyant. Egyptian
seeress. palmist. V>0 Powell, r. 1; hours 10-9.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. '234% Sixth st. "
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ,1a-
dles 2Sc; genta 6Oc: readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MME. Odell, clairvoyant; tells past, present &
future. L 35c; G. 50c. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clalrvoyant.water
reader.- 11 Cth: German spoken itel.Jeasie 1563.
CLAIRVOYANT . card • reader from Louisiana:
only 10c: from 1 to 8: 262 Minna- St.. ' nr. 4th.
60c and $1— PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant; scl-
entlflc' palmist; card reader. 1007% Market.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON., business me-
dium. price $1." 519% Leavenworth et.. S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407. O'Farrell. ;
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 2fic up. • B Fourth st.
CARPET BEATISGAND CLEARING/
WHEN you become d'sguptcd ¦ with poor work
- Bend to SPATTLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
\ Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st.;teI.Capp2512.
ADVANCE. Carpet-cleanlnit Co.. 402 Sutter st.':
tel .Main 3»4. . GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1701 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2&3.
CONKLTN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning ; Works.
¦ St.; tel. Green. 721. ¦ ...
AMERICAN girl desires housework in family
of adults; good plain cock; Sundays off from
.12 to 4;. reference If required. 1151 Octavia
st., forenoon. ; , : ¦ '•
A GEKMAN woman wants situation as cook
or housekseuer in good family; - references.
162 -i Jessie Bt. ¦- . ;¦.;..-; r
WANTED— Work by the day by plain seam-
stress; $1 day. MRS. M.,-1169 Mission st. --:
YOUNG German woman -wishes a position as
working housekeeper.:' Call at 201 Taylor st:
SWEDISH girl wishes position as cook or gen-
eral housework. Address 2078 Mislson st. " ;
SITUATION WANTED— A reliable Swiss girl,
speaks French, '.would like • situation to do
general housework and French . and German
' cooking; reference; sleep; home, preferred. 522
Stockton St.. . , ' '. ' -»
ELDERLY woman wants general housework • In
small American family, goooTcook. 1030 Clay, 1
near Mason. . • . - '* '¦ > '<.
WANTED — By a Scotch-Canadian woman, sit-
uation in private family as • cook ¦ or house-
work; city references. 116 Fulton st.
WANTED— A position as housekeeper - by a
¦ competent Amerclan .woman with one child.
Address MRS. LANE; 946 Mission St., rm. 10.
.WOMAN . wants - work . by i the day -washing or
¦ cleaning. 14 Hayes St., near Larkin.
WOMAN wants place as working housekeeper
where- full. charge will be given. -. Call after-
noons or address MRS.-M. E. F., 1124 Thir-
teenth ave.. East Oakland..
SITUATION wanted — Expert willgo to ladles'
• homes to give scalp treatment, facial rnas-
: sage, etc. ; best of references. MISS A. DA-
VIS, phone Folsom 131. ' • • . . < :
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
} to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. . / .* ;V (
CLASSIFIED advertisements and ¦ subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call. advertisements and
subscriptions/ has been established 'at '1006
.Valencia st. - , ' ' . r . ¦
. BJIPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE. '
SITUATION wanted by experienced ' gardener,-
capable In all branches, as < floral | propagator,
- pruning,' vegetables,-, orchards, . vineyards,
farm ing,, etc.; best of California, and Eastern
OPERATORS 'at Levl Strauts & Co.'a Overall
Factory, 32 Fremont . st. ; no experience
necessary; good' pay, steady work. ' Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
CAL. College of Halrdressing and Massage; ac-
knowledged superior to all others; every
branch of . the trade thoroughly and prac-
tically taught in 3 weeks; tuition 15: our
pupils : are our - living advertisement. ' Call
Supreme Court bldg., 305 Larkin st.; take ele.-
AN elderly German lady to take care of two
* children; must have some experience as .gov-
erness; state religion; salary, $30 and found.
Box 2994, Call office.
HAIRDRESSING, 'massage, manicuring taught
In 2: weeks : positions secured : • day I and eve.
classes. San Francisco Hairdresslng Col-
lege, .233 Geary, st., -rooms 13-16. . :.-'• .
WANTED — An I educated, refined ¦ woman to
travel for business firm; previous experience
not necessary; references required. I Box 2283,
Call office.. ' ¦
WANTED — Young, lady bookkeeper. Address,
¦ with references, mail only, -ALFRED LIL-
IENFELD. 008 Market St. ;
GIRL wanted to assist In housework; good
..wages. 633 ' Brunswick, Mission road; In-
.'- quire Six-Mile House.' • ¦ - i
GLOVEMAKERS on welted work; large Singer
¦-. machine. . Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st.-. -
GIRL v German preferred, for light housework.
'1053 Market" st., upstairs. , " :
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts. ' HE Y-
* NEMANN. & CO.. 410^. Mission .st.
WANTED — A girl • for J general housework;
wages S20. 630 Shotwell St., cor. 21st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce.2200 FUImore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has : been established ¦¦ at 1094
¦Valencia st. ¦ ¦ . . ..
.HELP WASTED-MALE. . y,
AT C. R; HANSEN & CO.' S. .....104 Geary st.
. . . . . . ... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..........
Night clerk., hotel, $40; head cook, country
hotel $75 ;• short-order cook for cafe, south,
$75; French chef • cook, • hotel, south. $75;
'"garde mange*' ' cold meat man, . $80; ;fry
cook, ; $70, first-class hotel, south; fry cook,
restaurant, city, $70; night cook, restaurant.
. city,? $50 ........
Market. 327 Sixth ' st. JOHN J. DOTLE,
Auctioneer. . /
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one i-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL'MFG. CO.; 48 Eighth st.
MARE. $15; horse. $20; horse. $40;-buggy. *30:
coal wagon, $40; milk wagon. $10. 79 City
Hall ave. '
CARLOAD heavy wagon horses; alscTlff head
good livery horses. Santa Clara Milk Co.,
721 Howard st. • . -- • ...
SAND wagon and 2 sets of harness for sale;
barzain.. 399.1 . Eichteentn at. .
2 BLACK teams: brewery or hacks; $350 each.
Star Stables. 2125 Mission st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle. . business
- and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale.' cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
•A— PRINTED llet houses to let; send for cir-
cular; G. 1% UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET— SAX MATEO.
TO let— In San Mateo. sunny 6-room house;
large yard; 2tt blocks from station: rent $14.
Apply at 647 Fulton st., San Francisco. - -
* HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW, modern house, facing west: sun all day;
large basement and yard. ..Waller and Por-
tola, bet Pierce and Stelner; easy payments.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp Irritations . positively
cured, ladies or gentlemen, by medicated
massage treatment; consultation free. MR^.
' HARTLAND. Hair Specialist, r. 39, 139 Post.
LOST AND POIWD. ;
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San* Francisco, in tha
name of ANNIE LYCETT or BERNARD
JOHN LYCETT, No. 232-387.. The Under will
please return to . bank. _ - <
LOST — Wednesday. . between Pacific and Pierce.
Washington . and .- Leavenworth, lady' a gold
open face watch, , engraved M. F. M., at-
tached to gold snake pin;, suitable reward.
130 Sutter st. ,
LOST— Wallet containing ' currency, on Sev-
enth at. local train. Oakland, about 2 p. m..
Undivided Interest in real estate In pro bat*..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhera
R McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; ft per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room Id.
•1st floor. Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 1S83;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Of flee, 9 Grant av., nr. Mkt.; tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
- Geary st. ; phone Red 1603. .
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry store, 848
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
CASH loaned to salaried people on. note with-
out lndorser or on mortgage at S per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse, etc. ; any amt. ; low .
est rates; private., Ormsby, 28 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, eto., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
ON real estate, .1st or 2nd mortgages, and en
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 927 Market, rm. 613.
ONE per cent on furniture; 95 a month on eaett
$1000; any security. 303 Montgomery St., r. 1.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $18 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81, 6 Eddy.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
eommls. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries, N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dli^
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
' strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money t«
buy it- A. E. RUDET.T» 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without lndorser; other proposi-
tions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no. lndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 809 Phelan bid*.
pose cf electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
?L E « ther SF 1 "* 58 *s may come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close en
Friday. January 10. 19C2. at 3 o'clock p. m.
By order of the President. 7" ;
- H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
A £, NU , AL MEETIXG— The regular annual
geeting of the stockholders of the Paja'o
I* v y^ Con!0lMatea Rai'foad Company will
be held at the office of the company. 3"7
?v &r^v E l San Francisco, orf MONDAY,
the 20th Oy of January. 1902, at the hour
I 1Z J? J^iS for the of'elect-
inar a beard cf directors to serve for the cn-
EUlng yetr and the transaction of such other
business as- may come before the meeting,
transfer books will dose on Friday, Jan-
uary 17, j.902, at 3 o'clock p m
i_ W. H. H ANN AM. Secretan'.
OJ r"r«o C S. °^^ e T, Sa ? r ra ScJ8Co Gas and Elec-
tric Co.. 415 Post St., San Francisco Cal
The annual meeting of the stockholders 'of
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Co~-
Pany 1 held at the offl « of the com-
pany 415 Post SL. In the city and county of
ean_FranclEco at 12 o'clock M. on TUES -
D AI' • Januar y 21. 1902 The transfer books
?o H'oo^ t "r pan> l V U . *»*. close<1 l «>"> January
10, 1902. to and Including January 21. 190"
iSisred) WILLIAM G. BARRETT.
Dated San Frsadsco. January 6. L02T*
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM— To the stock-
holders of The Emporium, a corporation-
Pie««e take notice that the annual meeting
cf.the stockholders of The Emporium a cor-
poration, will be held at the principal office
or tne company, in the Parrott huildlng. lo-
cated en Market et., between Fourth and
Fifth, in the city and county of Fan Fran-
cisco. State cf California, on THURSDAY *
the 16th day of January, 1902, at 2 o'clock
p. m., for the purpose of electing directors
fcnd for the transaction of such other busi-
ness os may properly come before the meet-
• Ing. By orier of the board of directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January 2. 1902.
THE anuual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco.
. Cr).. will be held at its > banking-house. 301
Montgomery Et.. San Francisco, Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January 14. 1902. at 3:16 o'clock
p. m.. for the election of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
»uch other business a 6 may cnnie before the
mretinz. GEORGE GHANT. Secretary.
San Frrtncf^cn. TV~»mber 13. l!>01.
• m AtjKVrs^WAN'riflO.' " ~"
WE want men or good address for city and
Htatc; ncr.e but busilers need apply. Call or
!iti<irc*s OLIVER McDEVITT. Royal House,
120 Ellis et.t , - ¦
*VANTKD — Agents In every town In Alarneda
-. Co. for sale of patent article; permanent • po-
sitions to.r:£ht rrcrtter-; lOo for sample and
particulars to K. CHAPMAN. 115 Elghth,S.F.
C/XVASSKKS. :nale and female. In fvcry city,
town end village;_artlcle absolute necessity;
sales Increasing; ~10» % profit; permanent
Bg"y. j>f,EiSil>l«>.' Sutherland,- r: 34, Flood. bids.
two rn*-n t j da some edvartlsing work. Call
rucm i. 10C7 Market st.
LODGI\G-HOUSE!> KOll - SALE.
So- ROOM hotel and bar . 7™. Z~. '.'.". " : . \ ~. \777$17OO
14- rooms; on Mission -st «500
24 rooms; downtown; clears $150....... 2400
20 rooms; on Turk st ....;...-. '2000
54 rooms: fine corner; clears $300 .4000
10-room flat -on Post..... 1000
20 rooms; 2 entrances; clears $200.'. . . . .' 1UOO
14 rooms; . worth ?800 . . . : J 500
10 rooms; only. ..........:............. 300
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary. 1850
18 rooms; gunny corner ;%•;-. 10C0
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
'Si rooms; clears $100,..; -.. • 050
100 rooms; clears $400 ....... COO0
10 rooms: on Eddy st ....."........•.:.. 700
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
FRENCH SPOKEN ............
H. C. DECKEIt. 1020 Market; phone Mint 706.
A— FINE. FLAT FOR SALE. ••.-:•• --.>¦¦-'• :."¦•
10 rooms and bath; downtown, near Post and
Powell: clears' $75 month; payments to suit.
DECKER, 1020 Market st. *.\ v
A—.. " . Near the Call Building.
-¦«"^fJ' Phone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN.* 719 Market St.. rms. 1-
. - '-. '•¦;-.- . '. 2. Money "to loan:, en
' ¦ •¦ lodging-houses or -¦ en
real estate. -Big free list of lodging-houses at
my office. All for sale on easy terms. . Call.
22 r.; rent $6C; central ;1 fioor:clean;full.$1200
35 r..; clears. about $60 each month...... $750
25 r.;rent $50;Income $150;3 blks of Mkt. $1600
36 r. ; 40 boarders; first-class location; clears
$175 mo.; owner sick; exchange for -small
houee or real estate; Investigate;- make offer.
13 r.; fine carpets; low rerit; a bargain.. $350
; *7 r.;elegant;clears $147 mo.;slmply let-class.
A— WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market; photo-'
graph gallery fentrar.ee; phone Jessie . 2211;
Invite you to call upon them if you desire tit
buy a lodging-house, and you are certain t<?
obtain fair dealing. Specials: .
SO rooms; rent $75.. ... .»....;......'. ..$1400
46 rooms;, rent $100 . ...; 3250
45 rooms:'rent $125...".......... ..'."2900
16 rooms;'rent $67... 675
14 rooms; rent- $60..'. ... -1000
18 rooms;, rent $37 60.. ' 1050
AA ATTENTION. BUYERS ..': AA
You s may buy any rooming-house In the
city and pay for- it
In monthly payments .
From the : profits of the house. "¦
. We furnish vacant houses ;¦•¦'.,
And loan money. at lowest rates.'
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
B50 Market tt. Tel. Davis 2S1.
«;15OO— 100-ROOM house; -cheap rent. ¦ ¦ - ; v-
• $400 — 34-room -house; cheapo rent. ' ¦ , ¦
:'¦ Good -paying .workingmen's. houses; 70 houses
: more on list; 'some rood bargalns^before you
buy call and Investigate. '.-. McBRIDE & CO
• 765 Market St.' A, - •
ST'YKRS, If you want" a lodging-house that
• WILL PA Y, or • if you- want ¦ ¦ to ¦ borrow
MONKY at lVi ' per cent, . call on. '.. M. E.
RIVKS. 016 Market st.V rm. 69; tel. 1 Main 128.
/-—NOTICE— We - have ". rooming-houses." j all
eizesand prices. In all parts of .the city; : get
. _our list first. MITCHELL & CO.," 1206 Markt,
J.H.ST ANTON, real estate and business broker;
¦ removed ¦ from '34 Kearny < to * 777 ',4 f Market;
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus.- chances.
•_ X->3 Golden Gate. ave. ; telephone East; 126. .,¦
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.. -
¦ COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency. < 6th
floor, 916 Market st. : advice free Tel. Bush
194;- able body of attorneys. • : ¦ ¦
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful; Room 310, : t>27 Market st.
DEKTISTS. 1 ~V -.'- ¦ '".
A^DR. T. S. HIGGINS.-927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
" • able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-*
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 Up:
plates, a full set of teeth that • look- natural.
. and guaranteed. $5 . up. • :;
¦ .Painless extraction. . •'
¦ I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for beslcrowns,' plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by, my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years',
experience; no students; advice > free; prices
cheapest -and guaranteed; lady attendants.
;. DR. -GEORGE W: LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St. 1
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 0 p. m.; 1 Sundays,
9 to 2.J. W. /THATCHER, P.P. S-. Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
' warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
* plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
, ranted. . Chicago Dental : Parlors, 24 Sixth I at.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry ; lst-class - prices ; , lst-
n class results.-W. C.i HARDING, M.D.v dentist,"
room 24, 14 McAllister st:; painless extraction.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny,* cor. Bush—
¦: Full set of teeth; $4; crowns, 1 $3; fillings, 50c'
LOWEST prices . in : S. ' F. ; painless " extraction,'
:¦ 50c. ¦ N. Y. . Dentists,- 969 Mission, SE.' cor.' 6th.
SET- of teeth .without ¦' plate." DR. H. ; G.
¦ YOUNG, 1841 Polk st; : / . .
DR.R.L. "WALSH, 1 816% Geary, nr.Larkln — Paln-
- less ext.; 50c;: plates $5 up; phone. Polk -1135.'
DR. H. G.- TRUMAN, dentist,- third i floor, \ Ex-
• aminer < building;' formerly- In .Murphy .bldg:
.-X-.C- ,-; - K-P51 1 ?: J*? 12 ?}*}'* 9 ?::^^'_1__1_:
DR. !Ei3WARD^ N!TL^AVY. C iVanTneTs^eciaVist.
, late of New York : City,? has just 'located ' at
' 80(»'Jone3 sL, where he. will administer to the
:. ailments , of <"-' domesticated -'Office
hours 10 to 3; telephone Kate 20S5.' ' .-.--
.. : . DOO; HOSPITALS.*- "..'¦¦^ ¦
DR.: CREELY' S C. > P." dog soap > byj druggists
•or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.-;,-- .~?
URE8SMAKERS ASI) SEAMSTRESSES ,
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery 8chool— •
Class rates ; , patterns 1 cut.", 1019 , Market ¦ st. \. ''¦
FRKNCH accordion and knife : pleating. ;,WM
- PILGER. 121 Post: over O'Connor & Moffatt.
PORTER and house man. > late at a first-class ,
hotel in the city, desires work in hotel, pri- '
vate family or at anything; handy with tools;
wages ..no object;, reference. Address box
2258, Call office. , «.
SITUATION wanted, married < couple, . houae
; man and cook; private Christian -family;
country preferred ; good reference. 'Address
box 2263. Call office^ '•.¦;
WANTED— By young man ' of 1 25, position I as
Instructor or assistant to - same • in i physical
culture. Address box 2262. . Call office.
EXPERIENCED ranch or family . cook seeks
Job or as useful kitchen hand. 'WILLIAM
BTUDINGER, 335 Broadway. ¦
BARTENDER. , formerly connected with - lead-
; ing Eastern hotels,; wishes position. Address
- room 35. 156 Third st. t
FIRST-CLASS . barber wishes to locate In a
country town;, can' furnish his . own chair.
Box' 2259,' Call.' • .... , ;' '. .¦ .- '.'.-» ,4 .- ; . ....
YOUNG man , wishes , light work . of / any ; kind
Mini the ' suburbs 1 or country ; small . wages ex-
- pected. Box 2257. Call. offlce.x .v
RECTIFIER and wine" and liquor man wants
\ position." H. "A. PUTZ MAN. 1126 Market s_<
ANY . kind of • work wanted i by /graduate Chi-
cago Manual Training School.. Box 2261. Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber -wants situation In the
' country. Box 2260. Call: ' " l ,
MEAT ¦ and pastry, cook wants place; : city, or
country. 10: Jansen.st.*; ; . . / :
GERMAN gentleman, possessing Engll^i.'Span-
;- . ish - and . German, desires , situation : as corre-
. spondent or, any kind, of ' of flee work; -knows
..shorthand and has experience in South'Amer-
''¦¦ : lean trade. Box 2272; Call.;- r . ;V ;¦.;¦:¦:'*
WANTED— Position " as 1 porter ¦ or • stableman ;
'< understands gardening; no objection; to coun-
; try; colored.. Address 6501 Raymond st.7 Oak-
¦ .land.',; .. . . ¦ '.....-.•... .-.: V.-'
BUSINESS '. man, stranger in city, will .. take
. -any position at any salary and work up;: will
' give bonds or cash security. ¦; • Box 2270. '. Call.
FIRST-CLASS painter and paperhanger wanta •
:;¦ - position at -. trade; ! city ¦: or country; contract
¦¦>.. work. --; Box 2337,- Call. officer ./ : •: "-.-.' C ¦-"¦'.
A'-'YOUNG'strongiman^wishes, work ¦ of fany^
¦ . '. kind : in v city ; 1- factory : or - Inside work • pre-
ferredr , Box ; 22S0. Call ;. office. • ¦¦;,-?- ;¦ ... : '
EXPERIENCED young ; man i wishes \ situation
i-i as: clerk In hotel or rooming house ;¦ good . ref-.
'.:.-> erencc.-;- Box 2278,; Call; office.-:] .Vj; >.;..;,¦
GOOD, ..: honest, '«. sober :*and ~ : Industrious i young
,-. : man would like to work in a' grocery, or cigar.
:: - store; ;- havo : got- references > and : experience.'
:¦ Address box 2300,: Call: office.!. -V *¦':: V: ¦: .
JAPANESE,'.' good waiter and houseworker ; f If
>; ; ? you ¦ want Kwlll 1 come at < once. : H.'; FRANK,"
..:¦ 414 • Stevenson :et.'i;.^: -.;;¦;--. -•;- _| | ':.','¦> __WJ ¦
, CLASSIFIED advertisements. and subscriptions
received at Call .branch - office.; 2200 Fillmore. ;
fA- BRANCH fof See for; Call; advertisements and'
• subscriptions' ha»rbeen; established : ; at .1090
: .Valencia : st, : • ' . . .'
Engineer and electrician, hotel plant
m .;..: .¦.¦"."¦/. ;';."."""; ..'. .'.'.: .$55 and found
¦ ' .j •'.;.' - : :. :¦" -v ' - ¦ ' '. ¦ - ¦'-
.Gang of tlemakers. good timber, 12c and 14c;
board $-4 a week...........
Bridge carpenters, $3 a day; board $4 50;
far€~\pald • . ...'.' • .......... .V. .V
C. R."HANSEN,& CO. ....... :104 Gearyst.
FRED ROLING. the cook, please call or write
to C. R. HANSEN, & CO., 104 Qeary st.y
RANCH foreman, $50; turner for railroad work,
$2 50 to $2 75 day; blacksmith, $2 50 day; 6
Black ' work toopers, $30 to $35 and: found;
1 American milker, small dairy. $23 and found:
setter for sawmill. , $60 to $75; farmer and
wife , $40; farmer,' 5 $25; -woodchoppers, tie-
makers 10c to 14c; and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & .CO.. '628 Sacramento st. : .
STEWARD, country hospital. $30 and found;
I hotel , cook and " dishwasher, - $05 to $75; sec-
ond-cook,- $60;' t waiters," dishwashers and
'others. .'.jAf— CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
;-mento st ' • [ .
BARBERS— All members of Local 148, J.'B. I.
U ,of • A; are hereby • officially." notified < that
' * they must pay their December dues :by I Jan-
-¦ uary 15, 1 1902, ' or be suspended without fur-
ther - notice. By order of executive board.
- . . JOS. BLEILY, Sec.
WANTED— Reliable 1 young man with - $150
cash;- light Indoor .work: $15 week; no expe-"
rienco necessary;* only those having the cash
'apply.'- BROWN, ; 1221' Market st..' upstairs, v:
MESSENGER; -boy wanted ; in \ wholesale sta-
tionery house; salary. $12 amonth.; Address.
-giving references, box. 2265. Call. . 'UTS :. ... ;
ERRAND boy wanted^f or a jewelry store ; . 14
to 16 years old ; : must come well recommend-
r ed.:;: Box 2925. Can. :; \-t. -. ; -. •¦;•-"•'¦- • \
WANTED-— A reliable man as night watchman
Janitor for.wholesale house; state salary,
..experience and references.; Box 2266. Call, y
FIRST-CLASS i mechanical - : draughtsman ' and
•>- designer for detail work on heavy machinery;
. state • experience ; in; detail/- Box 3191," Call. .-f-;
FIRST-CLASS ; general i candy i maker ¦ for, coun-
; - try ; ' call . between ¦ 1', and 2 . p. '• m.j Friday and
•:.-. Saturday.?. 224 Battery; st.V--.. ., _ :.• m? x • •
GOOD ' boy ; to -. learn •' printing i trade in ' every
".branch <¦ in .: an ;¦ old-established? office. 516
'¦¦'- pommerclal " st.",'? top floor ; > $3 • at ' start.
YOUNG i man '.with some : experience " at ¦ paper
, ruling and in bindery." .: McNEIL BROS.* 364
¦<¦ Hayes st. :¦ .;N-.> • >.:¦.' f- ¦ ¦'.:¦¦ T r • •¦ '• '¦¦-- '¦ \
WANTED^- A" steady. man with $100 cash; light
; business;: will pay about $65 per month; per-
¦ ;' manent | place. ¦; ¦; 765 Market n ' St.; room '• 3. •¦ ' '
W ANTED-^-A'i good '.waiter i for - private ' rooms:
.- 1 05 S California : Market ; 7 call i early. ; ; ' . '-.-..
j ALL ' size ; men's 'shoes," slightly ? damaged,'* half
• :'. price.' :. 503 ! Mission . st.'A bet.~j 1st : and 2d : sts. .
iWANTED^-A "- conscientious i man ; to ' distribute
7, circulars. 808 V, McAllister, st. . - , ¦ :
SHOEMAKER' wanted ; I must', be I flrst-claes re-
V palrer.',? 2140 Fillmore ; st. ;. - • ' .."
BARBER ' wanted • for ' Saturday • and ; Sunday.
. Call 105 '.Tenth 'suv ¦
January 9. Ample reward for return to 1224
Twenty-tMrdiave.,' East . Oakland.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel, spotted gray;
name, June. 730 Fillmore st. . Reward.
$10 REWARD — Lost. Monday on Golden Gate
ave., English foxhound ; color black, white
and brown. ' Return to 138 Sutter st.
LOST— In Oakland, a small paper box contaln'-
ing a diamond cluster pin, 4 stones; liberal
reward. 767 - Fifteenth' St., Oakland. «
LOST — A -pass book with the ' Hlbernia * Sav-
- ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of PATRICK PLOVER. Nok 373;
the finder -will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Sa7-
lngs and Loan Society of San Francisco in
¦ the name of Edmund Johnson. No. 258-465;
the finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay -to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
, .-'¦ . MACHIifE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works, 415% Sacramento st.,
builds - models and experimental machinery;
. mine hoists 4. 8. 12 E P. specialty; repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry - wealthy "
ladles send lOo for list. Mrs.- Herts. 708 Ellis.
DR. O'DONNELL— All wh» are sick and In
. trouble call and : consult * the i specialist. My
medicines cave been. used for many yean by
thousands ; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
. cases taken; the most . obstinate cases • have
been relieved by my medical treatment; /free
' confidential advice on all subjects of a delt-
, cate nature: *11 classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. O.
,W. O'DONNELL..1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MRS.t D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
'30 years' « experience ; Instant ' relief guaran- ,
,- teed; home - before and during . confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell.' near Taylor.
- MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st. • .
MRS.M.WEGENER. ladles', -physician, has
'. returned from the East and resumed business;
* home In confinement; 210 Eddy st., near
Taylor.- forrreily of 1312 Golden Gate ave;
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 23
years' > successful - experience In S. F. . Ma->
.. .ternlty : Home. 1 006 Market, st... opp. Fourth. ¦
LADIES, consult » the original MRS. DAViES
at the old office,' 1228 ; Market st. ; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases. .
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES* " original
-.-'method of treatment; maternity home: home
/, in confinement. ¦ 1126 Market st., 1 : S. ' F.
MRS. D. ALLEN." 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a ; private home . before and during
; confinement; best medical care; low fees. .
LADY-' patrons— Dr^' Rosen. ¦> res. 1340- Alabama
_-*; St.. near 26th; avoid delay; sime low fees.
DR. NG/TOY.KEE. 210 Stockton •t."," opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured 'by herbs. ;
MUSICAL l.\STRUMES1'8.
THE finest and best assortment of pianos tver
shown In the city Is to be seen In our wax*.
- rooms; what Is better, we are selling them at
such low prices that you cannot afford to go
elsewhere;- every Instrument fully 'warranted
to be Just as we represent and w» look after
and keep them In/order. We have the Wlss-
ner, Decker & Son, Baumelster. Steger and
Singer for you to select from and the pric*
will ' be made satisfactory; you axe accom-
modated with easy payments It you desire.
THE ZKNO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7C9
Market at.
AGAIN we remind yon that our piano stock.
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
eaty payments of $6 per month: some good
pianos tor $3. $4 and S3 per month. ; SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor*
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sta.. Oakland.
EOHM_«n ' & CO* Pl_ nosi
i BTRON MAUZT Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
EPIELMANN Pianos.
, CECILIAN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGAN8. -..¦¦-•¦-.
BYRON MATJZT. 308-310-312 Post st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— ', ~"
Second-hand upright pianos from 135 up.
- Second-hand equare pianos from $50 up.
'¦ Eecond-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from |175 up. BEN J. * CURT A Z A
. . BON. 18 to 20 O'Farrell. i Chlckerlog, Masoa
_ Hamljp. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited If purchased:
Installments $3 up; big allowance for old
pianos: bargains $25 up In Steinways, Heine
Checkering, etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
. Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO.,
217 Geary st. .
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $S5; slx-octav«
Mason A Hamlin organ. $55; Steinway
square. $100; elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $273: Bech-
»tein baby rrand. almost new. BOWERS *
BON. 23 Fifth St.; IVERS A POND. Agent*.
ANT piano sold by us • taken back any tlm»
within 2 - years and full purchase price' al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; ccsts you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER& CHASE. 30 O'Farrsa
st.: established 1S5O.
A STECK. Everett. Hardman. Ludwig ' Pack-
ard. Kingsbury or- Smith' A Barnes piano
can only ¦ be • bought from THE .WILEY B
. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. Popular prices!
Easy terms!
A — SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos- ;dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market «t.
STILL rentlnst ¦ new pianos. $3 : per month '
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 1 560 Hayes st.
Sacrifice account unforeseen circumstances, up-
---- . right piano. : magnificent tone, case., 543 Turk.
$150-^ON-sale. upright grand:- cost $600; make
cash offer. ' Room 3tJ, 217 Geary st.
$175^-A' RARE chance; toe upright.
BCHMITZ. 18 Me A 11 lit t. nut Hlbernla Bk,- ATLANTIC ? CITY, * N.^ J., Jan;. 0.— A" dis
patch received *-ln;thisi city.- to-day -states, that
the, crew; of nine men' of; the .flshlnr^ steamer
Sparta" which- disappeared off" this *: port -on
Thursday,- January 2. •-: was , landed • at . Algiers, i
La,,- this mornine.- .-Therrnen^were.;plcked up
by a passing steamer. The Sparta, sank. .
'AU : Tel brevs ' _¦ : ..¦..':•,'
; - President,^ Bw' r M. : ; Blvlnn ; vice president,' ' M.
Ranzula;' recording 'secretary, ~ P. f. Saulovlch;.
financial secretary,* L.' Ralcevlch ; treasurer, M.-
Pericb ; • < conductor. : G. . More tlch ; sergeant i at
arms, M. v, Miladin : . captain, . J; ¦ Russell ; -; first
lieutenant, • C. Kristovlch ; second lieutenant.irj;
M.f Sambrallo; • board . of ¦¦ trustees — C. . , Mlcich,-
N. Metkovlch, Y. Slmclch, ;P.. Svetinlch, M,-
Mtlkovitch. -" " ' ' " , ' ' " ; r
. -.The" following, officers '. were elected -at
the i twenty-fourth annual ' meeting : of ' the
Austrian Military;- and Benevolent Soci
ety, held at 507; Sutter, street; r • .
Austrian^ Society, Holds; Meeting 1 .
; The '-'.trial ' of ¦ the suit of E. :¦ F. .' Burns",
proprietor of a bathing establishment;
against Ed Hinckley, a bookkeeper in the
Fulton" Iron | Works; : to : recover $216, •'"was
begun yesterday; in 'Justice ' of the 'Peace
Daniels' court. .Burns testified-: ; that
Hinckley . had ; luxuriated In a - number of
Turkish baths in his place, besides being
served • with'^ numerous refreshments.
Burns 'says he- also advanced Hinckley
some money, which - was included ; in , the
bill of particulars. One of the items called
for : three baths In one day, but it devel
oped • that I Hinckley ' brought \ a : couple 1 of
friends with him S on- that ¦ day. Hinckley
did not appear at the trial,. but- his attor
ney . raised --: technical --legal, objections,
which will.be argued to-day. - - ,
Wants Pay for Baths.
During. the absence of the managers the
house will be entirely- renovated.. It will
close for alterations on the 21st of Janu
ary and remain closed uhtil further no
tice.-The tables will- be cleared from the
lower ; part of the house and orchestra
seats put in. . The gallery will be consid
erably enlarged.. J In all the seating capa
city of the house will be 1400.
A. Fischer and S. H. Friedlander start
ed for Chicago and New, York yesterday,
to secure talent for Fischer's ; Concert
House, * hereafter. .. to : be known as • :the
home of burlesque in San Francisco. .The
theater will in future be conducted on the
plan of Weber & Field's In New York,
with a ' regular stock company .of bur
lesque artists, ballets and'all the custom
ary, accessories. The establishment • will
not conflict with any t other ' theater in
tovn," burlesque at present being unrepre
sented on the local stage, v- :•-
Proprietor Starts East to Secure
i Stock Company.
Accompanied ' by , S.\ H. Friedlande'r
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE f ;
TO BE BURLESQUE THEATES
Fined for Contempt.
: Horace Jones, a waiter in the University
Club, and' Julian Vignourous, the chef,
had . a dispute on December' 23 and ¦ went
outside to settle it with their fists. Dur
ing the fight Jones knocked the chef
dowji on the car track and his shoulder
was dislocated. Jones was. arrested for
battery, and yesterday when the case
was being tried before Judge Conlan, Ray
mond Relger, a member of the club, testi
fied that' the : chef had -a quick temper.
The chef shouted '-'You're a liar," .and
was promptly ordered into custody for
contempt. He was let off with a fine of
$5 and the case against Jones was dis
missed. ... '.Jjfi^'.&'tv 1 -' - : •••'.--
Dockrill Ordered Into Custody.
When the case of William Dockrill, pro
prietor of . a sailor's . boarding-house on.
Steuart street,,, charged ; . with : battery for
brutally kicking his. wife, in the abdomen,
was called in Judge Conlan's court yes
terday, Mrs. Dockrill, who had sufficient
ly recovered to-be in >court, refused to
prosecute him. . The' Judge ordered him
into custody without bail and continued
the- case," Instructing Policeman- Henne
berry; who made the arrest, to find some
one who had seen the assault.- -
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*
Mrs Y Calne," Portland G McAnley, VacaviU* '
T W Lovett & w, L A A E Blppert, Texas
W Murrett, Cal ¦ J Gay,- Redwood City
H D Hammett, Cal R O Mibne. .Victoria
C C Williams. Denver R Pinch, Seattle ..•
J Mattoni, Denver C E Bateman, Seattle
W Adams & w. Pirtld T Fitzgerald & w. Seat
JO Anne, ' Vancouver I jW, Anderson & w.Utah
L MInch, Vancouver ' <S*I Crooks, Madera. ¦ '-
H Langam. lone- ' H Whltaker r Orosl
.Within -a few . days the Santa Fe and
the Southern Pacinc Company will receive
their passes from the: East and 'they .will
then extend the same ¦ privilege to , all
Eastern companies and their employes
that are on the coast. . \ . .
. Representatives of the trunk lines met
the middle ! of last ' month in consultation
in the. East and decided that roads -west
of Chicago were reaping the most benelit
from the annual pass system. They ac
cordingly decided to shut t down thepass
list and pay cash fares for all their rep
resentatives who were traveling - for • tna
company on, other, than their own roads..:
The roads west: of Chicago, not receiv
ing their annuals from the trunk roads,
collected fare from -all traveling passen
ger agents. It is supposed that the trunk
lines came to the conclusion that it would
be better-to call the matter- off.
The trunk lines have, decided: to- ex
change annual passes with all roads west
of Chicago." The matter was settled yes
terday. John A. Gill; -representative of
the Lake Shore and Michigan -Southern,
received a telegram late yesterday after
noon from his superiors informing him of
the good news. - •. '.'¦.. -'^ ¦ ' "1;
Now Bide Free Throughput
Country.
Revoke Order and Railroad Hen Can
THUNK LINES ISSUE
ANNUAIiS TO ' ALL HOADS
¦ The president, two vice presidents and
nr.ancial secretary were also added to the
executive committee. .-..-. •¦.--'.
President, O. K. dishing; vice president, H.
A. Jaurtm: second vice president, V. E. Win
chell; treasurer, , P. J. Ward; financial and
corresponding secretary, John J. Cassidy;.re
cording secretary, George Mag-oonls; executive
committee — George - R. Fletcher, . James M.
Wilklns, Captain John McFarland, William C.
Billington, • G. A. Blank, Dr. H. A. Niemeyer
and William A. Deane. .' '
The Point Loboa Improvement Club hjsld
its regular semi-monthly meeting at Rich
mond Hall. Wednesday night, there being
a large attendance of Interested property
owners = present. The following . . officers
were elected and installed: ; ..,--..¦
Point Iiobos Club Election.
• President,- Mrs. -W. B. 'Harrington; ' vice
presldenta. Mrs. . William Hardy and Mrs. J.
F. : Merrill: ' recording ..secretary. Mrs. T. -' L.
Miller; cOrresDondins.. secretary. ' Mrs. Henry
Bothin; treasurer. Mrs; L. L." Dunbar. -. . •
Board of trustees — H.'-L. Dodge, ¦• John F..
Merrill,. W. F. .Whlttier. John .Taylor, William
: J. Dutton. '- • - '-•¦¦: > . » t:A . ;jt*t,%#i
. Legal advisers — Giles H. Cray and Sheldon
t Managers^-Mrs. > W. ; B. -~ Harrington, Mrs.
William ¦ Hardy, Mrs. John: F. Merrill. •-, Mrs.
L • L?- Dunbar, - Mrs. J.-. H.-- Dickinson, Mrs.'
Georce F. Grant. Mrs. , Henry Bothin, ' Mrs.
James W. Kerr, Mrs. W. T. Fonda, - Mrs. .Wen
dell Easton. -Mrs/'C. B. Alexander. Mrs. - H.
M. FlFke, Mrs.I.N. Walter, Mrs. N.' D." Ride
out, Mrs. Rolla V.. Watt, Mrs. C. : E." Holmes.
¦Mrs. 'Robert Oxnard.' .Mits Frances M. Doyle,
Miss Mary Kohl,. Mrs. T..L. Miller. Mrs. Hr
B. Montague,- Mrs. Henry vPayot, Mrs. M. F.'
McGurn. .Mre.-'J. A. d« Greayer, • Mrs. Bertha
G. Llllenthnl. - - ' ¦: - ¦ . ' , V ;' • /
'¦* Visiting ' staff— Lucy M.: F. Wanzer, ' M. '¦ D. ;
Harry" M. Sherman, M. : D. ; Emma Sutro Mer
rltt • M.-D.; William E. .. Hopkina, M.-D.;
Charles i'A^ von Hoffmann, M. . D.;» Beverly
MacMonagle. - M." D. ; . William B. • Lewitt. M.'
D.;>-Wllllam'' Watt Kerr,. M.'D.; Adelaide
Brown,- M. <--D.': Frances V R. Sprague, M. D.',
and S. J. Hunkln. iM.; D. -" :-.-¦>.
Assistant ¦ vlsitlnar ; staff — Harold , Brunn, M:
D • Alice- M. Woods,' M. D.; H.-du-R.-'Phelan."-
M. D.; and Edward K.- Hopkins. M.\ D. .-.
Pathologist, F. H.- Burro WS.M.D.; chemist.
Harry' Ea«t Miller." Ph.G.; dentist. .Mary L.
Balrd, D.D.S. : : anesthetist, -: Mary E. Botsford,
1 M. - D. ¦••".-(•. '¦¦'- .'¦''¦ - '¦¦¦''-'¦' "¦'¦
, Dispensary, clinicians— Emma Sutro Merrltt,
M. D.: Frances RJ Spraeue, M. D.;' Alice M.
Woods' ''M.^' D.; r Emma Lafontalne.-rM. -. D. ;
Mary P. • Campbell. M. D. : Louise . B. , Deale,
M D., and Edward. K.Hopkins, M. D.
- Assistant' dispensary •.- clinicians — Mary, i J.
Eankey. 'M; D.,-'and Florence : Scott. M.D. ¦••-
Resident. physician— H.T.- Crabtree,. M.'i D. - .
':¦'•'• Present Sat [ the" i meeting were: % Mrs. '-W.'
B Harrington, president; Mrs.' I*- L,J Dun
.bar Mrs. J.W. Kerr, Mrs.- M.;F. Mc-
Gurn, Mrs.; Henry^Payot, Mrs.: W.-..T.
Fonda,' Mrs. H. Mi*Fiske,AMrs. '•-.; N. D.
Rldeout, •>" Mrs. -• J. , ' H- Dickinson, ' Miss
Doyle. ' Mrs.".; Henry T Bothin,^ Mrs.. i J.-F.
Merrill. 1 Mrs. C. E. -Holmes,- Mrs. R. V.
¦ Watt, . Mrs- T.^n, Miller. . Mrs. I. N..Wal- :
ter,; Dr. Charlotte i Brown: ; Mrs. C. v : B. J
Houghton and ' Mrs.vAT E.*i Pratt.
. From the estate of Meyer Lewis. $100; from
that of Louisa Scott- Devoe, 1 $10,649 «i5; a fur
ther nay ment of $S6 75 from Madame- Marie
Bechtel's estate and $3000 from ¦ estate I of H.
F. Woods; from estate of Mrs. F. M. Pixley,
$1118, ¦- and $5000 •' from the "¦ estate of Anna
Cohm. ., ¦;-;•' . ' . " ¦ ' '''¦'-.'¦"'-
The following ; officers , were elected
the year: ;.,,- . - .. . \ :
The following bequests previously made
were paid to the Children's Hospital dur
ing the year: < . , .. ,
' It was announced during, the meeting
that- the % demand 'by women for women
surgeons was greatly on the Increase* ¦/¦,:
The Maternity Cottage had also been
cot-ducted with a success that caused
much -congratulation. A donation of $300
had been received from * Mrs.' C.-B. Alex
ander of New York for the cottage.
i The treasurer, Mrs.' L. L; Dunba'r, re
ported that for the year the receipts were
?74.488 60 and the expenditure $68,650 73.- ¦".-•"
Mrs. W. B. Harrington, . the president;
Mrs. T. L. Miller, secretary, and Dr. Hez
ediah T. Crabtree spoke in glowing terms
qf the beneficial results to . children . who
had had the advantage of country life
and air through the .generosity of Mis3
Mary. Kohl. A^home was established at
Elmhurst with her kindly-aid and->.the
marked improvement in the condition of
the children sent - there . had • been most
gratifying. One littlte boy who had never
been off a etretcher was- running, about
in. a few. weeks, and others. picked up to
such an extent- that. MA. Edwin P.'Dan
forth promptly assured a permanency of
the plan -by .donating the sum of $5000 to
buy, remodel "and improve ¦ the property,
which will be known as the Tay ¦ Annex,
as a. memorial to her parents and brother.
Besides Mrs. Danforth's donation, $500 has
been sent to ; the ' hospital by Mrs. Cahlll
for the eye and ear ward,.the;same ward
also being benefited by a gift of $100 from
Mrs. \i, Dennison. Donation- day . brought
them $4682 90. / James , L». Flood remem
bered • them with a ' cbntribution '¦. of $500
and Mrs. William Kohl contributed a like
amount.'' ¦¦' f t •-¦•..:.. • . • -.
The work at the hospital has been in.
every sense successful and a vast amount
of good had been . done, both ; in "the sur
gical and : medical • departments.- , . During
the. year just -closed :1176 patients-; were
cared for,' an- increase of 144 over 'the pre
vious: year. :• Of . these 735 were children
anda yeryrlaTge proportion" of these were
entirely,- fre.e.patlents,.lt tbeing theipolicy.
of the management never. 'to refuse as
sistance where it is- possible to grant it,
while, the fee charged in many of -the
cases was so small as to make them prac;
tically free patients.. /. , . •
¦i Altogether the work- for the year. 1901
was the most successful in the history of
the Institution.,, •' t ¦¦ ¦ - * - •¦ :~ ¦¦-'
For the twenty-sixth time the board of
managers/of the Hospital for Children arid
Training -School for Nurses presented the
annual report- yesterday. ; •' '' •
tions Aid Institution.
-Koble "Work Is • Done by. ,' Managers
and Staff While ' Generous . Dona-
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
AFFAIRS- IN FINE SHAPE
¦ President, Charles Sonntag; vice presidents —
A. B. McCreery, J. B. Haggln. D.' O. Mills,
W. F. Whlttier/ H. L. Dodge. G. C. Perkins.
Levl Strauss. J. D. Thompson. L. H. Swee
ney, W. M. Plerson. G.W. Prescott. Alvlnza
Hayward, Oliver . Eldridce, Charles Holbrook,
John . Bermlnsham, ' Alexander Boyd, S. W.
Rosenstock, B. P. Flint, .W. B. Bourne and J.
R. Spring; treasurer, George 1 A. Newhallr sec
retary, -M. 'J. -White:- assistant secretary, P.-
Bhannon; counsel, Judge Van "R. Paterson: at
torneyr. Purcell Rowe and Thomas G. Pren
dergast; t directors — Charles Sonntasr, Gilbert
Palache, Georee A. Newhall, John Sroufe, F,
W. Van Sicklen, C. E. Worden, C. W. Volk
man, J. * F. Merrill, .' L. . F. Monteagle, H. I*
Davis and G. H. Buckingham. ; -• • *
The treasurer's report showed a bal
ance on hand of $2086 79, a gain of more
than $1000 for the year. Receipts amount
ed to $4393 09 and the disbursements were
J2395 34., Judge Van R. Paterson was
elected an honorary member of the so
ciety, a distinction which He alone holds.
The election of officers for the ensuing
year resulted as follows: ;
Secretary M: J. r White's report showedT
that during the last year cases of cruelty
Involving i244 children had been investi
gated. Of this number the society re
lieved : 1169 and- 23 other cases were re
ferred to the Associated Charities and the
Eureka Benevolent. Association. The
number of children placed in institutions
was 257, of whom 43 went to the Youths'
Directory, 29 to the Girls' Directory, 28
to ': the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society and
22 each to the Ladles' Protection and Re
lief Society and the Little Sisters' ' Infant
Shelter. . >.; : ; . >¦ .. •
- The members' of r the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to ¦- Children held
their annual business meeting at the Par
lott building yesterday. "
to Children Shows Great
: Prosperity. •
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
ASSISTANCE EXTXUDED
y : TO MANY UNFORTUNATES
Suits for divorce .were also filed yester
day by Minnie Maud Meehan against Pat
rick Meehan for; desertion, John J.; Ross
against Kathryn .F. • Ross -for desertion,
Gustave Allstead against Elizabeth All
stead for intemperance, /Wesley ; McKen
zie against Simona McKenzle for failure
to provide, Amelia. E. Smith against Mar
tin Ii. Smith' for failure, to .provide and
Grade S. -Martin against George J. Mar
tin for failure to provide., :-
Viola ; Allen!, is :: suing Thomas . Franklin
Allen for an annulment of their marriage,
which took place in this city November
28. 1901. -:v 4 - ¦ ::, - . .- ¦ .¦. ••.;:-. '
Thomas -V. Cator was granted a divorce
from Mrs. r E. I. Cator yesterday on' the
ground of desertion, and BerthavBanfleld
was granted a divorce from "William P.
Banneld for willful neglect.- '.
; G. B. Sturla : is suing for an annulment
of his marriage to NIcoletta Sturla, claim-
Ing that she had- a ; husband illving: when'
she became his wife. : They were married
at San Rafael in October, 1901.
Anna M. \ von Staden,- wife of George
von Staden,. filed, a suit for maintenance
against'* ' her.; husband yesterday. : Von
Stadep - Us ;.. a wealthy German, owning
property in the; wholesale district of this
city, and, his wife alleges, he has a bank
account- of ; more than $10,000. They were
married September 3, 1876. ..:-'',. v. ;
Mrs. yori Staden alleges that her hus
band deserted her, December- 10, 1901. v She
further, avers r, that • for . the : last year
he has allowed ' her for her support and
maintenance but 50 cents a day. , She es
timates her husband's income at $500 per
month, and asks. the court. to decree that
he pay $160 a month for her maintenance
a'nd support." •¦¦*¦•'.' * ' ' ' .
>:Such 'acts' as ..throwing, famps " at her
head,' hurling curses "and opprobrious epi
thets at her and , beating and . kicking j her
were his , : principal ; amusements, : she • al
leges. Lamps and curses were not so bad,
however,- for Mrs. Ott made no complaint
until , she ! avers, her spouse insisted upon
celebrating: her -¦ mother's i demise bysin
viting a party- of 'convivial friends to the
Ott -home- and -celebrating the release of
his: mother-in-law. from. all earthly care3
by;,avmixed. entertainment in > the room
where the body of Mrs. Ott's mother .was
laid out ready, for burial. ¦.-' •¦ ' '
, Joseph ; Ott ' was made ¦ the defendant in
an ( action ;. for '*' divorce . instituted . yester
day by j Ella Ott, 4 : whom he '¦ married ¦ at
San, . Rafael in " L February ' last."? Mrs. Ott
alleges ' cruelty/. /'According • to ' her com
plaint, her husband has been in the; habit
of doing all sorts; of .queer, things calcu
lated to cduse her j great | mental ' anguish
and bodily, suffering. .' ' -•
All the passengers .on both cars were
badly shaken up and frightened by the
collision. A" report was sent to the super
intendent's Office that several people had
been 1 seriously injured.- The ; railroad's
physicians; were immediately dispatched
to the scene, but their services were not
required. A little girl who., was riding on
the forward part of the electric car was
cut by flying fragments of window glass,
but her Injuries were more painful than
eerlpus, •¦....•.;¦• .. ; • ¦ . , - '¦ -'
The accident was (faused by a defective
brake and could not have been averted un
der the circumstances by the gripman of
the Twenty-second-street car. ; The elec
tric, car bad: just descended a grade and
was traveling at a high velocity. The
motorman saw the Valencia-street car
crossing , the • track and attempted to ap
ply the brake, but- it would not work.
After the collision it was found that part
of the brake apparatus was dragging on
the track. : . .,./". • ' ,
The Twenty-second-street car was trav
eling at such a. high rate of speed that
the rear, platform- of the -cable car: was
completely destroyed. S The conductor o£
the cable car, who. was riding on the plat
form ;. had a very: narrow escape. He did
not see the electric; car until it was but
a foot" or two away.' He seized the iron
handle- of the rear brake and swung him
self, around from the. platform to the
Bide of his car. He escaped- without a
scratch.
; An electric , car on : the 'Twenty-second
street line crashed Into the rear platform
of an in-bound Valencia-street | car yes
terday afternoon about half-past $ o'clo'ck
at * the corner of ' ITwenty-aecond and Va
lencia streets, j Both cars were' carrying a
number of passengers, but fortuantely no
one' was seriously injured, '-. ' ' ¦
Claims He/- Celebrated Her
Passing With Convivial .
Friends.
Conductor's Coolness - Saves
* Him r From Serious
BUaOttiGlmrges Spouse
With Desecrating Her .
Mother's Bier:>;
Defective Brake Causes
_ in. the
Mission;.
PLATFORM TORN
FROM CABLE CAR
SAYS HUSBAND
PROFANED DEAD
fi THE SAN FRANCISCO GA^
13
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Julius Finsterbusch, 34, city, and Llllie Ruf-
ner. 25, city. * . :
John A. Renner, 82, city, and Anna Matuscb,
22, city.
- Victor Cuyala,- 37, 129 Sixth street, and
Jeanne Labarthe, 23, 823 Pacific street. ¦ ¦¦¦•\
Peter- L. Lund, i28, Santa Clara,- and Lottie
Allison, 23, city. .
Charles Cable, 26, Buffalo, N. T., and Bes-
sie A. Hicks. 23, city.
¦ Harry A. Scencer, 31, Tlburon, and Jessie
C. Mackenzie, 18, 129 Mississippi street." .
¦ David Friedman, 28, city, and Florence- de
Mier, 20, city. : ¦ --. "• . i . ¦¦-
James G. Foley,'24, 1719 Jonet street, and
Elizabeth M. Storer, 20, 1069 Broadway. ,
Harry Blumbenr, 28, 317 Ninth Btreet, ' and
Jennie Morrison, 26, 317 Ninth Btreet.
Henry C. Hay, 42, 593 O" Farrell street, and
Augusta Clyde, 30, 1407 Folsom street.
Jacob Hipps, 27, 505 Eighth street, and Ber-
tha Kern, 20, 506 Eighth etreet.v
" Joseph B. Heiderick. 22, Corning, and Alice
White, 19, Folsom. : '
William Schroder, 29, 824 Pennsylvania ave-'
nue, and Mathilda Gormatha, 24, 006 Third st.
Charles E. Clausen, 26, Oakland, and Emma
B. Wildermuth, 18. Oakland.
Patrick J. Brooks, 4?, city, and Annie Cav-
anaugh; 40, • city. '- • .
Peter Stahl, 30, city, and Rosle Rlehl, 21,
Vacaville. ..:.,.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
BOBNV
JOSEPHSON— In Berkeley, January 9, 1902,
to the wife of A. Josephsbn, a daughter, j
RHYS — In this city. January 8, 1902, to tha
wife of W. L. Rhys, a son.
WIDER— In this city, January 7,' 1902, to" tha
wife of William Wider, a son. v
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at . either of the publication ; offices . and be
Indorsed with the name and . residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIiGES— -DEATHS,
HCSICA.L 15 STRCME VTS — Con '^
. OCR rtanof;- the leading makers: price $100
upward; values best in the city. PIERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
$125— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition,
$75; Erarfl upright. Hornung, 21C McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins ilthers, old and newT' H.
MULLER maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE*S 22 Turk rt., near Market—
ghonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
SEW HYGIENIC TREATMEyT.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER, late of New York.
has Kermxnently located at 607 Van Ness
ave.; hours 10 to 13, 2 to 4: phone Polk 1421.
OFFICES AXO STORES TO L^T.
LARGE class front "store, 3 living rooms,
yard etc. 442 Sixth St.; rent $26. SICK-
ELS.' 6 G<;ary Et.
STORE 30x.'!0 with basement 40xS0; location
center of vrhoiesale iron and machinery trade.
Apply at U3 First_6t.
KKARNT, 223. near Sutter. 1st floor — Large,
light office: gas & janitor services free; $12.
TO let — Part of carpenter shop. 67 Union
Square ave.. bet. Kearcy rt. and Grant ave.
OIL.
OIL tanks second-hand, in good order; all
sizes=; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.'
PALMISTRY.
G. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
VX'HiSTsi AM> P_.\S1OAS.
PENSION aSvice free; general practitioner.
Geo. D. Ct.tnpbell. lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PElthO.NALS.
AKIUVED— Ladles," doa't look old; Dr. N DE
gAVOYSKY of Pans, greatest authority on
feminine teauty. will meet you at La Verlte
Parlcrs and instruct you how to acquire and
preserve health, youth and beauty; after
years of earnest study is able to give elec-
trical tree.tment for deep wrinkles without
the knife that excels anything ever given in
this country; electrolysis with modern Eu-
ropean mothod clears the face of all blem-
Sihes without pain or scar. Phone Folsom
44ti. 1140 Market et.. opposite Hale's. y- ;>,
TREE this week; pimples, blemishes removed;
hair grown; gray restored; beautiful com-
plexions iruaranteed; shampooing done; ex-
quisite line of Certus importations; Bohemian
. parlors; competent specialist. MADAM
BOUME. 131 Post st.. room 3. •
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
(IS: with these suits we make an extra, pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHT Guess? You can be certain of 6tyle and
Ct by usir* Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
and The Eteslsner now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ELECTRIC light la every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
ire?. "but and baggage to and from the ferry.
i fcKST fceir dressing in the city, 25c; shampoo-
( ing. 50c: wrinkles removed, 5Oc; manicuring,
25c. Qu!:2tonica removes dandruff, makes
fcair prow, 60c bot. G. Lederer, 123 Stockton.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
earne as white ehirts; selection 300 patterns.
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
etones. antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store. 118 Geary et. Nat Raphael.
THE latest and best things In ladies' rea/Jy to
wear garments, tailor-made cults, skirts, on
Installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 5th.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-<iuarter
or double, J2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton gt., near Broadway.
£ing Chong & Co. has removed from 115 Stock,
ton to 5t* Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones.' where
can be foand fine etock of ladies' underwear.
ECPERFLtTOTJS hair and moles destroyed "with
electric n.»edle. MISS EATON. 1118 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore. 332 O' Farrell ; tend for circular.
THE A'Vi:3A COMPANY permanently cures !
stomach trouble. 7C3 Valencia St., cor. 19th. '<
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROP^ CURE i
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists. - ;
PRIVATE ietective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
Mrs. Brlggni — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electri; needle. 96S Sutter; tel.Larkin 3171. ,
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. UME. BOLIXG. 407B Hyde.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALLIE M NUNN. 1002'^ Dolores St.
WILL, pay cash and pood prices for old seal-
tkint. Aidn*! at once, bsz 1205. Call office.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st., rm. 29.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUEEADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 MkC
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer, 26 O'FarreIl;»country orders.
TAILOR-VLA.DE tuits, $7 CO; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTETS FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
fcair te Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
THYSICIAAS ASD SCIIGEONS. \
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL^Offlce and residence
1«2H4 Market st.. bet Sixth and Seventh.
¦ i
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see .
testimonials at office. 11S-117 Mason, nr. Ellis, i
PLAXIXG AXD TCItXIXG MILLS.
TVOOD and Ivory turning, Planlnsr. Shaping
and easing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
REAI< ESTATE COCXTRY For Sale \
—FOR {SALE NEAR EAN FRANCISCO— —
Email tracts. $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Eonoma. Co.: future value assured, as ;
, 6an Francisco is growing rapidly; location i
best for poultry and general farming. Apply I
to The Cctati Co.. 302 California st^ for pam.
rh!ets nnd information. ¦
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, Deach and pruns
lands to sell: ripht locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALT & CARR. 6 Eddy St.
A NICE list of chicken ranches near Petaluma
E. N. EMMOXS & SON, 11 Montgomery et.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
froe lirt. C. n. WINFTKLTV Pftaln— a. CaL
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA nEAL ESTATE.
10-ROOM cottage, all on 1 floor; modern im-
pravetnents; «rartd home for large family
' half acre of ground; clo6e to station- must
be -old. E. D. JUDD CO., 1424 Park Bt
Alamed:!.*
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: V, cash. Bank of Ala.
ALAMEDA FCRXISHED HOUSES.
ICEWLY and beautifully furnlshed~Souse~in
the chclceet part of Alameda: will rent for
a term of 6 months cr a year; $80 a month.
Address P. O. box 364. Alameda,.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FltllTVAI.K VI KMMinn HOUSES.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
v S street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tace of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
con cote, etc.: ornamental grounds: fruit
orchard!; £0 minutes from Oakland or one
licur from S. F. ; rent $-'55 a month; price
f*000. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills . building.
<r H A. PLKITXKR. Fruitvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAMl REAL ESTATE.
$1000 — E1G barg-am; cozy 6-roomed cottage,
with porcelain sink and hct-water boiler;
eunny j?iCe. close to San Pablo ave.: street
vrork j:!i dene, including: etone walks; all
newly papered and painted. Address for quick
tale box 2378, Call nrace! Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET."
bL'STfl lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric eer-
vlr» throughout; 2 coal and 1 eas grate; lar«r»
forcer lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to tatiEfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
eve. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eigrtrtb rts.. rorne within 1 .block. .Call or
address 1CS9 Ninth «ve.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
FOR RENT — Furnished dining-room and
kitchen in boarding-house. Apply to B.- H.
WELCH & CO.. 13t>3 Fifth ave.. Oakland.
i H£!5}£ SU FCKNITCJUB , FOR SALE.
I An Jr.trolucticn to you from H. Schellhaas, the
Xurnltsre dealer, lltb and Franklin, Oakland.
'•'-,': MARRIED.
LILJENBERG — KRECKMAN — In - this . city.
. January 8, 1902, by the Rev. George Guth,
.Frank Llljenbere and Lily E. Kreckman,
both of 'San Francisco. • ' , • ¦ •, , '•• v
SPENCER— MACKENZIE— In this city. Janu-
ary 9, 1902, by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs,
pastor of Central M. E. Church, Harry A.
Spencer of Tiburon. Cal., and Jeasle C. Mac-
kenzie of San Francisco. -
TREMAIN— MULLER— In this city. January
8, 1902. George F. Tremain and Margaret
G. Muller, both of San Francisco.
ROOMS FOR HOPSEKEEPIXa.
HOuiEK—SpiNG ' rooms; .; comfortable. "85
Rausch st.. near Folsom. ¦..,-,-•
HOWARD 10C3 — 2 sunny connecting completely
furnished ba.y- window; range, electric lights.
JONES. 614— Kicely furnished front parlor, '
¦ with use of kitchen; reasonable. ;',' >
MINNA, 2S — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; cheap. •¦ •
MISSION," 1682% — Two sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping:: $10 per month. • .
OAK. - 119 — 2 large sunny parlors, furnished
housekeeping, 2 beds. $16; small room, (4.
POLK, 453 — Four connected rooms for house-
keeping. ___ - - ¦¦ ;
TWENTY-THIRD. 3720, near Doloresr-2 sunny
bay- window rooms; nice, neat, complete.,. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office/ 2200 Fillmore.
KOOMS- TO LET—Forn. and TJnfurn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New," elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 76e day upward: rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms.
25c to (1 per night; <1 25 to (5 per week, and
light housekeeping rcoms; open all night.
BROADWAY, 930—2 sunny front rooms; hot
bath; cold water; yard; rent $8.;. ;
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
¦ 35c. $1 50 night: $1 50. $0 wk.; open all night.
EVELYN. 208- Powell — Sunny front suite suit-
able for offices; sunny singles, $1 SO up.
FIFTH. 353 — Two furnished single rooms; $5
up; heater to warm room If wished. , .
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
FULTON. 647— Pleasant nicely furnished
rooms. ?5 and $6; private family.
GEARY, 363 (refurnished)— Big suite and sin-
gle rooms. ¦ -.¦¦•. :
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed eultes and single ; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission-
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single; elevat.
HARRISON. 784%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath, all conveniences; home-
like; fl week up.
JONES, 91&— Comfortably furnished room,
bath, phone, grate; reasonable; private fam.
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
LADY 'wishes to rent an elegant suite of rooms
to gentlemen across the bay; convenient to
trains. Inquire at 132A Fourteenth st, S. F.
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front furnished, $5; sin-
gle back sunny room, $4. -. * .
MARTINET. 1101 Geary — Handsome -. eultes:
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MONTGOMERY, 519— Large front sunny
rooms; $2 week. '
NEW ARLDXGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
niEhed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished . rooms and;
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PERRY, 25 — 3 large sunny rooms; fine porch
and large yard; suitable for small family.
P.'NE. 956 — Two large sunny front rooms; hot ¦
and. cold runninff water, bath and phone. .
POST. 426— Rooms suitable for 4 gents; also
/ single rooms, ?2 up.
POST, 1£IH% — Nicely furnished room, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen: board optional.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1.50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
flooi ; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.?
SHERMAN Apartment House, . 2S Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
turk. 130 — Two unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; reasonable and clean.
TURK, 332 — Sunny front room, suitable for
dressmaker.- " ¦ - ¦ ¦ . ¦ -*
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
| A t BRANCH office for Call advertisements ani
subscriptions has been established at 100G
Valencia st. . .
ROOMS AMI BOARD.
A BUSINESS house, with no Interest except to
see a well deserved success made, would be
glad to recommend an exceedingly good,
homelike boarding-house to a few young
men; rates reasonable. Address 2920, Call.
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission — Large sun-
-, ny corner euite, $55; other rooms; American
cooking.
HOTEL Buena Vista will open to-day; newly
furnished; good table; In warm belt of the
¦ Mission. 1070 Valencia st.
HOTEL Dennistcn, cor. Valencia and 21st tt6.
— In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
fo;s; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvingdale, 626 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table.
JOHNSON House, COS O'Farrell — Sunny suite 3
rms. ; run. water; ex. table; beau, grounds.
PACIFIC ave.*, 1716, above Van Ness-r-Large
eunny roori, with board; suitable for 1 or 2.
PRIVATE board for 1 or 2; room and board
$20 ma IO22 Wooleey St., Lorin, Berkeley.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. - •
CALIFORNIA, S07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished apart- ]
ments; corv.; 2 to 5 genta; best table board. I
j ROOMS AND 11OARD WASTED.
I TWO young ladies wish connecting rooms,
i with board. In private family. Box 2927. Call.
ROOMS WASTED. - .
LADY wanta two furnished housekeeping rooms
under $20; vicinity Taylor and Bush. Address
Box 2928. Call. .
RCTTURB SAMTAUIUM. ~
RUPTURE cureil at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM,'12O6 Market st; treatment free; only
• Invention in the World that will not torture.
M'KCIAL AOTIC_S.
NOTICE Js hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake St., San. Francisco,
has received the following orphan, half-or-
phan end abandoned girls, from July 1, 1901,
to Jan. 1. 1902: Jennie Anderson, aged 7
years, Olea Andersen, 4; Alice Obrist, 7;
• Onita V. Mayberry, 11; Lucy B. Cain, 9;
Mary Colirrove, 8; Mary M. Crankshaw, • 6;
> Gladys Crankshaw, 5; Adelaide Parker, 10;
Margaret Voss, 10; Joycelin E. Martin, 11;
Ethel Plaxt. 12: Kate Ohe. 11; Christine Ohe.
8; Mary Ohe, 7; Henrietta Ohe, 2: Ruth
Congdon. 7; Mildred . Congdon, 5; -Florence
Hodge. IS months; Grace Bess J 5 years; Irene
Jones.. 10. . -
BAD tenant! ejected for $4; collections made;
* city or country. PACD7IC" COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Et.. rooms 9-10 ;tet. 5580.
mgWISG J1ACHI.XKS AMI SL'I»I'I,IK9.
; ALL kinds t»ought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
i pairing; lc west rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 Cth.
STORAGE AXD WAKEHO USES. ' •
PIERCE^R()DOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell Ets.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN -VVEST Storage Warehouse. S40~MIs^
sion st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS V.m and Storage Co.; 722 Mission st.;-
tel. Main 1S40; shipping: at cut rates. - - -
TYJ'KWKITKKS'AND 5in*i*LI_S.
GREAT BAR^Al5JF1lN~TYPEWRITER3^W«
sell better machines for less money than any
bouse In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchanger, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors :estimate free. 209S*ansome.
¦ mVlUKMJ ROTICES. '
DIVIDEND Notice^ — Th« Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco — At a regular meet-
ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held January Ith. 1902, a dividend was de-
clared for the half-year ending . December
31st, 1901, at the rate of seven (7) per cent
* per annum, payable on and after the 15th
inst. Transfer books will be closed from the
10th to vie 15th inst.,* both days inclusive.
'.i -- ¦ GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Com-
pany, room 16, second floor, M1U_ building,
San Francisco, Jan. 7, \ 1902 — Dividend No.
196. of 42 cents' per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the Contra Costa Water Com-
pany, will be payable at the office of said
- company, room 16 second floor. Mills build-
ing, on Jan. 15, 1902. Transfer books will
close on Jan. 9. 1902, at 8*p.-m.'<
. - -. EDWARD McGARY.. Secretary. .
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany Con. — A dividend. No. 37. : of seventy- :
five centii (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal etock of the company ha* been declared'
payable at the office ¦ of • the ¦ company, 435
California St., San Francisco,' -- on ' January
10th, 19C2. Transfer books' close January'
:- 3d, 1902, . at jjoon. A. A. SPARKS. Sec
mTTrTJMITiliilTTitfHii ihl if f'rlTIf WMiffllffl
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mct.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. .
¦ Telephone South 80. '
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
. . BAN. BRUNO HILLS. '
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Mt Olivet Cemetery.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa cFq ;;
Tr!ains-^paiiy.
Leave . Market-street Ferry Depot. / .
'¦' "^ Local Llm'd I Ovrt'd Local
Daily Daily I Daily Dally
Lv._ San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a .8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar.. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p .1:30 a 9:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
•• Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27p 8:05a.......
V Visalla .. 3:89 p ....... 5:00a .......
. " . Bakersfld 6:15p 5:20p 7:45a.......
"., Kan. City ....... 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago.. V.. 2:15p 0:00 p .......
¦ a lor morning, p for atternoon.
- 9:00 a. m. train ; is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace 'Sleeping Cars and
! Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
< runs - to . Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. -_No- •eeond-
' class tickets are. honored on this train. Cor-'
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
' : 4:20 p. m. U Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. • m. .. dally. ,''•¦¦ " -* - - > &ife*4f_9Mki(tef > — *<**!
¦« 8:00 p." m.' is the Overland Express, with
i through i Palace ' and Tourist Sleepers * and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; 'also
, Palace I Sleeper, . which cuts : out at Fresno. ,
Corresponding train < arrives at C:CO p. . m.
'dally. -: r V- , : . - ,. - .... .
7:20 a. m. Is Bakerrfleld Local, stopping
at all points. In San 'Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40* a. m. dally."
''..Offices — C41 Market street -and in Ferry.
Depot, "San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,.
- Oakland. ~^'-J"i < _____________^____^
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers'. Association; M. J.
McBrearty.' with the same company for 18
years: P. F. Green.- late with J.^C: O'Con-
nor & Co.. , nave opened I new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street/between Seventh
and ElKhth. Telephone South 44. *.' - '.
NEW FIRM OF UnDttrtTAKBRS.
DIED.
Acres, Edmund S. Hurley, Nellie
BonettI,- Antonio - l^evy, ..Alexandra
Chtttenden, Ann M. Liddicoat. William
Con way, Charles H. Lorenz, Hazel G.
Cook, Mrs. Maggie McAlester. "Annie E.
Devoto, Caterina McEntee, • Mary . G. ¦
Dougherty, John Magune, Capt. P. E.
Eckenroth, Frank H. Mehrten, ¦ Margaret
Kerchan. Tressa H. Meyer, 11 Charles
Ferry, 1* -Roy K. Murphy, Daniel A.
Fontes, Alexandrine Myera, Mary S.
Gilmour, George D. Neely, Joseph F.
Gorman, Richard Seamans. Uilliam H.
Warren. Edward
Waters. Nancy -
Greany, Henry J.
Henry, John P.
ACRES— In this city, at. St. Luke's Hospital,
January 9, 1002, Edmund S., beloved son of
StanCish and Elizabeth Acres of Chicago, a
native of Illinois, aged 30 years. . .
C7Friends and members of San Francisco
Typographical Union. No. 21 are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral' services to-
morrow (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, at the par-
lors Oi N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento street.
Interment . Laurel Hill Cemetery. . ; ',
BONETTI— In this city, January 8/ 1902, An-
tonio. Bonettl, beloved -father of Antonio,
Fred, Arthur and Emile Bonetti, brother of
Joseph, Marco - and . Cando > Bonetti. and
brother-in-law of Mr.- and Mrs. 8. Pypher,
a native . of Switzerland, aged 48 years 1
month and 29 days.
CyFuneral notice hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. S^ Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue.
CHITTENDEN— In this city, January 9. 1902,
Ann Miriam, widow of the late Joseph G.
Chlttenden, 'and mother of Alice B. Chltten-
den and Mrs. William Taylor, aged 75
year? and 1 month. .
Cy Notice of funeral hereafter.'
CONWAY— In ' this city. January 6. - 1902,
Charles H. Conway, a native of, Philadel-
phia, aged 29 years and 26 days.
COOK — In this city, January 7, 1902. at 10:30
p. m.. Mrs. Maggie Cook, the beloved wife
of Alexander S. Cook, mother of A.' L., Jo-
seph, Marguerite and Walter Cook, daughter
of Roger and the late Elizabeth .Groom,' and
sister lot J. J. and J. : -P. Groom/ Mrs. L.-
Turner, • Mrs. F. • King, Mrs. G. Center, and
- C. .F. Groom, a. native of -Philadelphia, aged
40 years. •
E7Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8 o'clock, from . her late resi-
dence, 240 San Carlos avenue, - thence . to
Mission Dolores Church, corner, of Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, . at ; 9 o'clock, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her bouI. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ECKENROTH— In this city. January 8, 1902,
Frank Henry Eckenroth, dearly beloved' hus-
band of Augusta, and father of Frank and
Henry Eckenroth, • a native of San Fran-
cisco, asred 45 years 5 months and 15 days:
(CT Funeral to-day (Friday), at 2 o'clock,
from his late residence, 1009 Mason street,
between" Clay and Sacramento. Funeral and
Interment strictly private. Please. omit flow-
ers. . -
DEVOTO — In this city, January 7. 1002, Cater-
ina, beloved wife of Antonio Devoto, mother
of John P., James A.. Albert, Anthony,
Louisa, Carmellta and Adelina Devoto, Mrs.
T>. Devincenzi and Mrs.- A. Tassi, and sister
of Mrs. S. Varni, a native of Genoa, Italy,
aged 56 years and 7 months.
ICTFrlends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resl-
- dence, 705% Green street, thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul's Italian Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
GILMOUR— In this city, January 10, 1902.
George D. Gilmour, beloved huBband . of
Sarah Gilmour, an/i father of George, John,
William and Andrew Gilroour and Mrs. W.
H. French, a", native of Paisley, Scotland,
aged 71 years 4 months and 16 days. (Frank-
fort and Philadelphia papers please copy.)
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
DOUGHERTY— Near Halfmoon Bay, January
8. 1902, John Dougherty, a native . of New
York, aged CO years. A veteran of the Civil
War. , , -
FERCHAN — In this city, January 7, 1902,
Tressa H-. beloved daughter of Jacob F.
and the late Cynthia Ferchan, a native of
Astoria, Or., aged 19 years. (Astoria, Or.,
papers please copy.) I
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near -Twenty-first.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
riage. • ¦ .
FERRY — In Oakland, January 9, 1902, Le Roy
K eldest son of George H. and Rowena I.
Ferry, a native of Oakland. Cal., ; a*ed 14
years 6 months and VI days. .
FONTES — In this .city, January 8, 1902, Alex-
andrine, beloved wife of Baptiste Fontes,
mother of Eugene Fontes, and aunt of Fran-
coise Fontes. a native , of France, aged 45
¦ years 11 months and 3 days.
. (nyFriends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock,- from her 1 late resi-
dence, 1709 Jones • street, thence ' to Notre
Dame des ¦ Victoires Church, where services
will be celebrated for the reppse of her soul
at 10 o'clock. •'. Interment . Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
GORMAN— In Oakland, January 6. 1902. Rich-
ard Gorman, a native of . County Kilkenny,
Ireland, aged 26 years.
ETFriends an d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend - the. funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of James McManus. Seventh and Castro
streets, thence to the Church of the - Im-
maculate Conception, i where services will be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock. . Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery.^-. -
GREANY — In this city, January 9, 1902, Henry
J. Grtany of South San ', Francisco, beloved
brother of F. J. Greany and Mrs. K. Peter-
sen, a native of California, aged 21 years 10
months and 4 days.
HENRY — In this city, January • 9, 1902, John
P., beloved brother of Charles and the late
George Henry, and . brother-in-law - of Mrs.
Kate Henry, a native o£ San Francisco, aged
VI years. . ,
ICyNotice of ' funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of McFadden,' McBrearty &
Green 1171 Mission street. . ••-. :
HURLEY — In this city, January 8,, 1902." Nel-
lie, .dearly- beloved wife of William F: - Hur-
ley, and mother of Robert. Edward/ Paul,
Iline -and May Hurley,, and /sister, of May,
RAILWAY TRAVEL. :
SOUTHERN PAOIPIO.
Tr-I» laitf* nml nn dno i« nrrli* *t
. s*s riu!K!i<m:o, , . '.
(Main Him. Foot of Market Strati) -*
. MUT» — '. From DtcriMBia 6. 1301. — abbit« *
7:00a Benlcii, 8ui«an, Elmir* and Saers-
¦ mento 8:3-1*
TsOOa V_a»Ul9. WlntorVKamsey 7lO3w
7ia«A M-rtiuBi,8.uH.inoo, Vallejo. N»p»,
C»lutog» and SanU Rosa fl:S3p
S:O«A Darit, Woodland, Kolgata Landing,
MMTSTille. Oroflllo. 7tS1r
. SiOOa Atlanta K.xpress— Ogden aad Baal 8iSS_
»:o« A Sllem, L»throp, Stockton ?_I3S>
»i«Oa NUes, ilendot*. Hanford. V— UJa,
Porterrule 4:33»
' •iIOA8haaUEipreM-DaT_,WlUian_(for
Bartlett Springs). WUIows, Eod
BlufT, Portland. 7iS»f
i Mil Ban Jots, LlTarmore, Stockton.
- Ion*. - Haeramento, PUc«f»llIe,
• ' Mmri»»lll», Chleo. Ked Ulnff...... 4>*Sr
¦>••* O-kdals, ChlnMw.Sonora. Tuohunn* 4t33v
t>*O a Harward, Nilesand VVaj SUtioui.. 11:59 a
•«00a VaUejo 12_4»
ViOOa Los Aozolet Expren — MarUues.
Tracy, Lattirop. Mtoekkon, llexOM
«- . Fre«no and Loa Angole* 7:83^
9t»0. ValMo. MarliuB* aud Way Htatlout ' 7i»5»
ItiVttA Tha OToxlaud Limited— Ogdeo. Vtn-
¦ T«r, Oiuahs. Chtetgn ni85r
fltAOr Sacramento Klverftiaamar* tll:Ouj
liOUr Benlola, Winters. flmoramanto.
Woodland, KnlgliU landing.
M«r|»»ill., Ofofllle I«:09a
•iSOf Harward. Nllta and fft; SUIIons.. 7tOSv
. «itt«r Martin—, ttau lUmon. VatU)o,
- ' ' Nap*. ««lUto«a. 8»n»» Itoia WiSSy
4t00r NUas, LfTtrmor*. Stockton, Lodl... l*t»9r
4itt*»p Haywatd, Mle«, San Joae. Ltrrrmora tS>S«_
4:SI>r Xlm Owl Limited — Kioino, TuUro,
¦ •• '¦ ¦ Bakenflald. Mangns for Smita Bu»
v bara, Loa Ancelea SiSSa
B i»Or Pom Cost*. Trmcy. Lathrop, Stockton 1 « «*3*
' tkxOOr Maurtinoz. Antioch, Stockton. Mar-
' ced.Fre«no l*t*Sy
0i«Op Hafward, Nllei and 8«n Jot* TiBAa
«««©»p Vallejo 1Ii33a
' iittllr Oriental Mall— Ogdan, D«DT»r,
- . . Omalia, St. LouU, Ohloago «(SS_
7i««r Oregou and California Ki|>r«aa,Haa>
fniiinntii, Mitrrat III*. ItetliUng.
' 1'urtlnmi. 1'iigok Houud ami Kaak ¦>»•-
•lOBpBaa Pablo. Fork Coita. MaxUacs
and Way etaUoni IIiSSa
.." 7»tt3f
' COAST IJNE (Marron Uaags).
' ' (FoototM»rlcet8tr>«t.)
i •««»_ )«ewaxk.O«nt— illle,HsnJoM.Vel*on. !
Donlder Cr«ek,8a_ita, 0 m* and Way
suuous T.... »»a»t
t»lI9»New»rk C«uter»illt», Sau.ioia, New
Alnu<ieu, FaltOD, ItouMsr C'raak,
' . ¦ SauU Ctiu and l'liuclpal Way
" ' Sutloin !•!«•_
4itSp Newark. Hau Joae. Loa Gatoa ISiSOA.
¦9.8ur Hnntera' Traiii— S»n Jo»» aad Way
8U«ons....- XTA99
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Fna 811 f aiSCISCO— F«i of Mwkit Strut (Slii 8)—
tl:15 9:00 U;00».¥. 1:03 3:39 ¦• B:18i>.«.
rnaotumo- f««i «f Ht..i««j.— fa. oo tn.aa tSAB
18:OQ*.i». 18:03 8:80 «:03r.M.
. COAST LINE (Hm-iHUii**).
. (Third nnd Tow maud Sts.) , . ;
6<l«A8as Joaeand Way Htatlona.. ..„.„. «i4»a
7:00a Han .)»»« »¦¦•! Way NUtliina f»ioo»
/7>««A Naw Alinadan / «ilO»
BiOU_ Co«st Una . Umited — Ban Jom,
Gllroy, Balluaa, San Lois Oblapo,
Santa Barbara, Lou Angelei and
principal Intermediate »t_ tions.... 10:499
9>0Oa Nan Jcisb, Tim I'ioo*. Hnuta (!mx.
- Panllle Urine, balinaa. San Lola
Obispo and Principal intermediate
MUtiotia «•!•»
lOttl»A 8an Jc»e and Way Stations... ....... •::»•_
• IIiHWa Man ,lo»»M..l WwySUtiona »;¦<•*
fti-I&r San Matoo, Uedwood, Menlo P»rk.
1'itlo Alto. Han t* Clara, Haii. Ions,
Trea Pinos, HanU Orin, Saiioaa.
- Monterey and I'aelfla GroT« 1I0i43a
ScS«r Han Jo«« _ii<i Way HUtrona. .' lt*«V
f4:l.-»r .S_ii.Ione*inl Frinciral Way Htatloil* Bl3*9
<x3Or Sanaet limited— Mondaya, Wadnca-
days, Frid*Ti. for Loi Angele», El
Pa*o. Kew Orleans and New York.
,»'-. '. j- y itrriTea Sunday j. Tuesdays and
Thursdajs tO>19_
tSlOOrSan Joae, Los Gatoa aud Fxiu«lpal
.< WayStatloiia. t«:««A
SiXOr San Joaa and Principal Way Stations «::»>»
| iiSllF St» Joseaml Way Stations 7>3O»
7>0«r K«w Orleans Eiprejs — ,-^sn Loll
Oblapo. Santa Barbara, Lea An-
• ' geles, D 'mlng. El Vtao, Kew Or-'
leins and E»»t 7:30*
«ll;43p San Jons »n.t Way Stations 7l30f
A (or Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Huiulay exeepted. I Smiday only.
__O Saturday orly. / Tueadaya and FrMay»_
CALIFOBWA N0RTHVESTE8N 8Y. Ca
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NOBTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
. ' - Can Francisco to San Raiaol. .
WEEKDAYS — 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p» m. Thuradays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. _.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00. 8:20p. m. :.
ban Hutao! to San Francisco.
•WEEK DAYS — «:1O. 7:80. 8:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; l;40, 3:40,
5:05. t>:25 p. m. ' '
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Frandaco. tApr.'2S. 1001 1 San Francisco. ¦
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Wee_
Days. I days. \ Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Ncvato, 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am
S :10pm B :00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 8:20pm,
Fulton, '-'¦
7:30am ' Windsor, 10:25am
5:C3pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
- Lytton, - - (
Geyserville,
3:30pm S :00am Cloverdale, 7:3Sptn 6:20pm.
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am.
3:30pm 8:00am and -Uklah. 7:35pm 8:20pm.
7:30am .. . • 10:40am 10:23am
:-z*--: 8:00am GuernevlUe. 7;33pm
3:30pm 5 :00pm 0 :20pm
7:30am 8:U0am Sonoma 9:13am 8:40am
• - and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 8:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| |10:40am|10 :25am-
3 :30pm f B:00pm| Sebastopol. ( 7:38pm| fl :20pm
Stages connect at • Santa Rosa, for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga Springs; at'
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland tor
Duncan 8r rings,- Highland Springs. Kelsey-
vllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs.* Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lierlejr's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, HullvUle. Orr'a
Hot SprlDJS, Mendoclno City, Fort Brag?,
Westport, Usal, Wlllits. Laytonville, Cnmmlna.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a. Dyer, Scotl-
and Eureka. . -
Saturday .to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket - office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. '
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAJT,
Gen. Manager. . Qen. Paaa. Ajrt.
NORTH'PACIFIO COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry
¦ --- Commencing • September 29, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLE X
AND SAN RAFAEL. ¦
WEEK DAY8--«:55. 8:30, »9:30. 11:00 a. m.,
•1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 5:15, «6:13, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA - TRIPS^ — For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael . on ' Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00. •10^00, •11:30 a. m., 1HS,
3:15, *4:45. 6:30, '9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentra.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN JTRASCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27, 7:45. 8:35. 10:13
a.'m.. 12:25, 2:15, *3:35.' 4:40. 6:30 p. m..
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 9:55 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— «:15. •8.00. •10:00, •ll:45,a. m..
•1:40. »3: 15, 4:45. *«:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO HAN FRANCISCO, l
WEEK DAYS— 0:45. 6:45, 7:55. 8:55.-1(^80
a m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
• 'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
-SUNDAYS— «:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15,
S'30. B'00, -6:45 p. m- •• .,
.•rr' ... THROUGH TRAINS..
6:53 a. m. week. days — Cazadero and way
'*\-A5%. — .. Batardays— Duncan Mllla and way
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan MQIs aad way
stations. • " ¦ .
Legal Holiday boats and trains 'will run on
Ecnday time.
WOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
. Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
I San Fran. .Foot of Market St. San Fran.
p^ 3 - .^ _,h,». _. ;i m 7h_- <**>*• £%h:
tan, ft— Ti_5 to~ - Smrit M_ _<«». »l ML *
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensai-y,
629 KEAR.NT JtT. Established
In 1S3-1 for the treatment nf Frivata
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
cli vase wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The J>octorcures;wiiei»
otbera fail. - Try him. Charges low.
<urr<itunr»nlre<J. Call or writ*
' Pr. J. JT. -UBBO3F. Hi mi granciaco. CaU
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman- & Co., 318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
Interment Mount' Olivet Cemetery, , by car-
riage. ; ¦¦ ¦ ' -:;¦¦¦-- '-¦¦ - ¦¦¦¦-' ••¦- •.
ICTFriendsa'id acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-
morrow (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, ¦ from his
' late residence, 2 Ewer place," off . Mason
street, between Clay and Sacramento, thence
to St. Mary's Church, corner California and
Dupont streets, .where services ..will be held.
Interment • Holy ¦ Cross r Cemetery.- - •:¦"•'/.• -
WATERS— In this city, January 9, 1902,
: Nancy "Waters. ¦ beloved^-wlfe- of 'the- late
Amos D.' Waters, and mother of "William H."
Waters and Mrs. Loretta Frey; a native of
New York, 9 aged . 71 years 7 months and 1
day. ¦ * ••.¦•¦¦ . ¦•".¦¦¦.-••. .'•-¦¦
E7"Funeral Sunday, January 12, li»02, at
10 o'clock, from armcry of First Battalion
ArtilU-ry, 815 Ellis strpet, under the auspices
of George H. Thomas Post No. 2," O. A. R.;
and National Guard of California. Com-
panions of Loyal Legion and members of
Army and. Navy League are invited to 'Join
George H. Thomas 'Post,' and' will • assemble
at post room of latter. 320 Post street, at 9
o'clock. ¦ Interment National Cemetery, Pre-
sidio. - " • '¦ ¦¦• , . ' ¦ . - . .
WARREN — In thiB city, January 9. 1902, Ed-
ward Warren, beloved son of • Mrs. , S. . A;
Hussey, and stepson of S. A. Hussey.a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 21 years and 3
days. ¦ ¦ '. ¦'¦¦•¦...¦'¦ - v;
ityFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ( invited to -attend ¦ the . funeral- to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his . late resi-
dence, 2102 Adeline street, 'Oakland, -thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will.be celebrated for the repose
of hit soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. . In-
terment St.; Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. ..
MYERS— In this city, January 7, 1 1902, • Mary
S. Myers, beloved wife of George E. Myers,
• a native of Ohio, aged . 49 -years and 28
' days. A member of Redwood Circle No.- 72,
• ' W. of XV. (Ohio papers please copy.) -.- i . •
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company."
1209 Mission etreet. '.between- Eighth and
Ninth. ¦ Interment Mount- Olivet Cemetery,
by electric car from iJtEhth and -Harrison
streets. - j ¦ „ - ,.'-.-., '. • .¦,:-,.'.
NEELY— In this city,- January 9, -1902,- Joseph
F., beloved husband of . Odzla S. Neely,
father of Martina Neely. 'and brother of John
Neely of San Diego, a native of New York,
ajred 38 . years. > • ., • ; ..'. ¦ •
SEAMANS — In- Washington,' D. C, January 3,
i 1902, ¦William H. Seamans, brigadier' gen-
eral and adjutant general National Guard of
California, beloved husband, gt Carrie D.
Seamans, and father of. Grace S. Barnes, ft
native of Pennsylvania, aged 67 years.
. CTFrlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to* attend the ; funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the -under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-226 Mc-
Allister ¦street,-' thence '~ to r " Sacred '¦Heart
¦Church for services at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. .."= ' - , ...,;
MEYER— In this city, January 8. : 1002, Charles
- Meyer, beloved brother of Mrs. C. Lehmann,
Mrs. E. Klein, Mrs. A. Heyer and George
Meyer, a native, of Drackenburg. . Germany, ¦
aged. 68 years 2 months and 24 days. - -"'' ;.-
• in^Friends and acnualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 0 o'clock, 'from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 . Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery," via elec-
tric car from Eighth and Harrison streets.'
MURPHY — In Portland, Or., January 5, - 1902,
J .Daniel A'. Murphy, • beloved ¦ husband of Mary
: Murphy, and father of Mary V., • Daniel J.,
¦Margaret, John and Eugene Murphy, a na-
tive of the City of Cork, Ireland. ' ; :
-C~Funeral services -- will be held to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, at the family, resl-
, dence.- 1106A Devlsadero street. ; • Interment
private.- Please omit, flowers. •-'. t -..;:.-
McENTEE— In this city, Januarys 1902," Marv
Gertrude, beloved daughter of Matt and Mar-
garet McEntee. : and sister >. of .. Harry and
, • Frank McEntee, | a native of : San Francisco,
. aged 7 months and 14 days. v---. ; ..-. ;". ..
MAGUNE — In this city, January 7, 1902, Cap-
tain Frederick E. • Magrune, beloved husband
- of Lena A. Magune, , and father of F. Her-
' bert and Lena, A. Magune, a native of Rock-
port, Me., aged 46 years.*; (Rockland, Me.,'
and Seattle,' Wash., papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral: services
to-day (Friday), » at 1:30 -o'clock, at • the
Masonic TemDle, . corner of • Post ; and : Mont-
gomery streets, under the auspices of Golden
: Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and "A. M." j Interment
Crpress Lawn 'Cemetery,- by- electric car.
MEHRTEN— In this . city, ¦ January 8, 1902,
• Margaret .' Elizabeth, beloved; wife of 1 ' John
A. Mehrten, a native. of County Mayo, Ire-
land. '..¦ , • '. . } ~ '" v ¦"._'.¦'.¦• ••-¦^
(CTFriends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend 'the -funeral- services
, to-day (Friday), - at . ¦ 9 :45 ¦,' o'clock, at - hlg
late . residence. 2839 'Jackson ; street. '.tlnter-
- ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery. ¦ by! train
leaving- Third and Townsend . streets at 11 :30
¦ o'clock. - Please omit flowers. .. , - .. ¦ .
LIDDICOAT— In this ." oity, i January 0, i 1802,
.William Llddlcoat, a native of -Wales, aged
67 years. . ¦•...''¦" .-^.-•y . ;> '.:.¦.'¦¦
LORENZ— In this city, January 9, 1902, Hazel
I G., beloved daughter ¦ of Gustaf B and • Eme-
llta Lorenz,. a native of San Francisco, aged
¦11 months and , 14 days. .::--•;'-¦ •.:",•<-¦
McALESTER— In this -' city, January 7, 1802,
- Annie E., beloved : daughter, of ¦.William '. F.
and • Mary E. McAlester. ; " .!.,--•..
.; (cyFriends and ; acquaintances are/respect-
. fully invited ¦ to ' attend the. funeral . to-day.
'(Frldoy), at 1 o'clock,- from the funeral par--
. :lors. of McGinn 224-226* McAllister
street, . opposite NeWiCity Hall, .thence -to. St.'
¦ ¦- Rose's Church* for ¦ services, .commencing .at
'1:30 o'clock." Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.. • ¦_ ¦¦ ¦ ', " '. :¦ ¦ "• >.'.'-,•' ¦.-'.¦ '. ¦¦'-
LEVY— In this city^ January. 8, 1902, -Alex-
- and re, beloved husband ¦¦> of- Annie •• Levy, • a
native of Lorraine, • France, ¦ aged 80 years.
John, -. Lizzie . and < Fannie : Barrett' and*- Mrs.
Hj.\ Snyder. a native of .San. Francisco,' aged
35 ' years. , ¦ .' ¦-;;.*:'. \-T.' J M'-' >¦¦'-; ; : c> ,r- '¦:•--- .'.:. ••'..;
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale, Friday, 12 o'clock, 1
. at main entrance to new City Hall, on Larkln
; St., i opposite "Fulton st.," of. improved" city
realty consisting of 2 houses and lots '.-Invest-
ment draws 12 per cent on $4000. Location
of property 659 end 661 Minna st. ;'J., ,s Miss Juliette Williams was ¦ the guest
. of . honor . at *'< .'a 1 * \ pretty - ¦ luncheon given
Wednesday, by. the ' Misses Smith at . their
home,- " Broadway and ' Webster street.
. The others; were:
- liette Williams. Miss Cadwallader, Miss • Van
, Blcklln, ¦-: Miss • Simpson, - Misa -^ Jones,
MIbs Blair. Miss Church, •¦ Thomaa Driscoll,
. Carl Howard,-- Harry Slmpkins, r Thomas '¦ Hay
-: den, ; Sidney • • Frlngle, '. Sam ~ Boardman, -H. N.
- Stetson, -.Han-yv L. iTevis, Gerald " Rathbone,
E. - M. Greenway; Alfred Wilcox, Will Page,
.'Robert Eyre.. 'Allen • Kittle. Eugene Murphy,
T. -. C. .Berry, T. ; B. - Berry. ; Will Berry,'. Mr.
•Marks. Joe Tobln, A.'. Lilley," George Newhall,
: Harold Blanchard, Mr. Cadwallader,- Tom Ran
some, Knox Maddox; ¦¦William Denman, 'Harry
-Russell, James -Moffitt. . Mr. Moul ton, Harry
Poett, . Nat .Wilson, ¦- Robert Harrison/ Richard
; Harrison, Prescott Scott, Harry Scott." Thomas
Breeze, Dr., Herbert Carolan, Lansing Kellogg.
; Arthur i Chesebrough, , - Frank n Owen,; -, < Philip
, Tompkins, Conrad Babcock^ Dr. * Henry . S.
Klersted. John • Lanson and Ben > Dibblee. . .
Steals Wagonload of Nails.
The police are engaged in an energetic
search for a daring thief, who attempted
to steal a whole wagonload of nails
Wednesday afternoon from In front of
Baker & Hamilton's store on Front street.
Earlier in the day the man went to G.
LInteur's livery stable on Howard street
and rented a light express wagon. He
drove immediately to Baker & Hamilton's
store and proceeded to load the wagon
with seventeen kegs of nails which were
piled In front of the store. The thief was
intercepted by Officer P. O'Connell as he
was driving down Howard street. He
managed to escape, but was forced to
leave the wagon.
POPULAR SOCIETY GIRL WHO WAS THE GUEST OF HONOR AT THE •
GRANp BALL GIVEN'BY MRS. -GEORGE W.McNEAR LAST NIGHT
AT HER RESIDENCE. " ' ? ' ... . - ..
Mr. and Mrs. Wj-att Allen, Mr. and Mrs.
P. E. Bowles, Mr. and Mrs. George Boyd, Mr.
and Mrs. * Robert L. Coleman, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Carolan, Mr. and Mis. D. Y. Campbell,
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Dibblee, Mr. and Mrs. Evan
C. Evans, Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Carrigan, Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph Grant, Mr. and Mrs. Walter
Hobart, Mr. and Mrs. Downey Harvey, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Martin Jr., Mr. and Mrs.
George AV. McNear Jr.. Dr. and Mrs. H. C.
Moffltt, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Monteagle, Mr.
and Mrs. H. M. A. Miller, Mr. and Mrs. George
Page, Mr. and Mri?. Arthur Page, Mr. and
Mrs. Lawrence Irving - Scott, Mr. and Mrs.
Horace D. Pillsbury. Mr. and Mrs. Wlnthrop
E. Lester. Mr. and Mrs. William A. Taylor
Jr., Mr. and Mrs. . Gus Taylor, Mr. and Mrs.
E. G. Schmiedell. Mr, and Mrs. Montford Wil
son, Mr. and Mrs. Warren Clark. Mr. and Mrs.
Edward Eyre, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Maeee
Jr., Mr. and Mrs. William Hinckley Taylor, Mrs.
Eleanor Martin.' Mrs. Green, Miss Florence
Dunham, Miss Frances Hopkins. Miss Daven
port, Miss Carrie Taylor, Miss Carolan, Miss
Genevieve Carolan, Miss Edith McBean, Miss
Dolbeer, Miss Kittle. Miss Eells. Miss Mor
gan, Miss Therese Morgan, ,MI«s Lincoln, Miss
Jollffe, Miss Clara. McXear. Miss Coffin, Miss
Breeze, Miss Wilson, Miss ChesebrouKh, Miss
Allans Miss Redding. MissBernice Landers,
Miss Pearl Landers, Mlfs Murphy, Miss Ju-
The drawing-rooms were decorated
chiefly with foliage, many palms and
ferns being arranged with artistic effect.
Those present were:
Hopkins was guest . of honor.
Society's most exclusive set was well
represented by 100 guests, ¦who enjoyed
Mrs. McNear's hospitality to the utmost.
E\ r erything was perfectly appointed and
the ball was a delightful affair.
Mrs. McNear was assisted by Miss Mc-
Near and Mrs. Seward McNear. • »'. ; I--..
n- RS. GEORGE "W. HcNEAR gave
a ball last evening at her resi
dence, Sutter street and Van
Ness . avenue. Miss , Georgiana
Wanted-, in 'Texas for Forgery.
W. , F. . Bader,' a soldier at the - Presidio
was. arrested yesterday afternoon and
locked^up in the City-Prison by Detec
tives? Reynolds and Coleman. He is want
ed in Llano County, Texas, for forgery.
Sheriff .Wallace of that county came here
about a^week ago. in search of Bader but
left-Tuesday without finding. any trace cf
him.' Captain Seymour wired "him of
Bader's arrest.' ' ' . . -
The case of Thomas , Galvln and Anita
Clark,'; who are accused of brutally beat-
Ing, and • robbing Mrs. N. J. Foote In her
apartments; at the -Elyslan, 566 ' Gearv
street,. ;,was called *ln Judge Mogan'a
court v yesterday. A doctor's certificate
that Mrs. Foote ;was still, unable to be in
court -was, produced. She had undergone
a painful operation Wednesday in having
her, lower jaw wired.- The case was ac
cordingly continued till 'January IS.
Should Make a Good Witness.
-..I pray you to be merciful. ' Life Is so short
and the objects of its pride but of small weight
in God's book. Do not let worldly ambitions
Bpoll a life and cause a soul' to be lost I
She has not offered any protest and will not
though she receives her death. Praying in our
hearts that God will, guide you and point out
to your son the only reparation he can make
my daughter Is to acknowledge her as she is
his wife. • ' ,..-.- . ¦
1 : J ?. h «" - NeviHJ^stepfather' 1 ' of , the plaintiff,
testified yesterday that he saw the mar
riage contract which his daughter claimed
united her to Cheyney. The case will be
continued again to-day. - -
Cheyney, Mrs. .NevilJ says, would "not
acknowl&age the marriage because -h«
said his mother would, not recognise 'a di
vorced woman. Iri\writing of Mrs. Chey
ney's objections Mrs. Nevill said: --- :¦:.---
J If he^ is guilty, a mother's curs© : be upon
mm. :. May he die in some lonely desert where
the voice -of woman was never heard. I will
try to believe the best of him until 1 hear dif
ferently./ ¦' ¦¦ < . ,-• .,\ f ¦
Mrs. .Nevill in her letters to.Cheyney's
parents even goes so far as to hint that
slow murder, was being done by their son.
She tells of her daughter's nerves being
wrecked and her life endangered ; by the
administration of drugs and narcotics by
a medical of Cheyney.
Her. Happiness Destroyed.
- She tells his parents""' in another letter
how Cheyney destroyed her daughter's
peace of mind and hope for happiness by
coming between her and her first husband,
Samuel Johns, and -follows it with" a re
cital of the wrongs done Mr. -Johns until
the. divorce. court, was appealed to. -
> She told how Cheyney swore of his love
for -her^ daughter and how she coun
tenanced his visits to the Nevill home. at
Los Gatos because of his great love, which
was returned by ¦ her daughter so strong
ly that unless he was allowed to visit her
she would have, met. him- clandestinely.
Mrs. Nevill closes her, letters to Mr. and
Mrs. Cheyney. by. telling how Cheyney pre
vailed upon her< daughter, to leave her
home In Los Gatos • and live with him in
this ; city^md how her, daughter told her
before leaving home that she had been
married to Cheyney by Quaker. rites and
contract. . . u
Mrs. • Nevill was visibly affected when
the. letter was read yesterday in' Judge
Sloss'. court. -She is_a gray-haired,
motherly -looking woman. The ordeal: of
testifying, about her daughter's mode of
life' -since her meeting with \ Cheyney
caused . her great anguish,' but she _ stood
it bravely and when the letteWwas read
her blacK eyes v fairly blazed. .. Cheyney
was in court, but did not loole at the lit
tle, blue-eyed woman who claims to be his
wife, nor. did he allow his gaze to" wan
der . toward r the .witness stand, * where sat
his alleged mother-in-law.
Other letters', written 'by Mrs. Nevill
were - Introduced In evidence. ¦ They- all
contained upbratdings, mingled with ap
peals to Cheyney to right the wrong she
claimed he hadidone her daughter/ .
•Numerous letters written by. Mn and
Mrs. : Nevill . to , Cheyney's father and
mother were also introduced. They are
appeals to > the father - and mother of
daughters and appeals to a mother ' to
withdraw' objections: to a son's marriage
in order that, the heart of one. mother
might be relieved of its heavy burden of
grief.
Mrs. Nevill' Affected.
•il} have " smothered my feelings N toward you
for, the sake of members of my family; have
met « and . exchanged - courtesies with" you when
no one but: God alone knows the effort if cost
me to do so. I was In hopes that when I could
get , away . from ' that . place all • would be over.
, ¦•" I. ; taw enough to convince me- that ; you -are
an : unprincipled, black-hearted villlan.' I even
suffered myself to rtde in the same wagon, with
you -to the Junction- and the morning we ar
rived on the Oakland mole had I had. with me
what I needed you would never have gone onto
the Oakland steamer allvei
i -Such' Is the statement .made by* 'Mrs.
Josie'Nevill, mother. of Miss Maud Nevill,
who .Is suing' -Samuel "W. . Cheyney; •' a
wealthy; young;- mining _• " man, for i main
tenance, in a letter she wrote to Cheyney
from! the ; Nevill "home *at \Lbs. Gatos in
September, 1893. In the same epistle Mrs.
Nqvlll says:. ; ¦ . ¦, . -. . • . i " .- "
:."What I have. to say to ; you is this; yoi
have - run the length ' of your ' chain : ,witl
m«.'j Go one step further," and, so help m<
God, ¦ I ; will " follow you to the end ,'of ; thi
earth for; revenge. -I left home this.. sprinj
because < I knew if j I staid there ' I ¦: woul<
have your dirty : blood ion my ; hands.'.' - :;
Aged Woman Appeals * to
• * Mining Man's Parents to
Save Daughter. -
Read in Court.
Letters i Written by Mpth
"fer of His jAillegedSVSTife •
MRS.J.NEVILL
SCORES CHEYNEY
Miss Georgiana Hopkins Is Gnuest of ?jH^
Is Given Delightful EntertajLhmeriU • I \ •
SOCIETY DANCES AND MAKES
MERRY AT THE McNEAR BALL
MISSION CITIZEN
SHOOTS HIMSELF
John Henry, Secretary o:
the Hibernians, Com
mits Suicide.
Inebriety and Trouble "With,
Sister-in-Law Are the
Causes. ¦
John P. Henry, grocer at the corner of
Seventeenth and Howard streets, secre
tary of the Ancient Order of Hibernians,
manager of the California Broom. Manu
facturing Company and one of the best
known citizens in the Mission district,
ended his existence with a revolver yes
terday afternoon, shooting himself
through the heart.. *
Domestic trouble preceded the tragic
act. Two hours before the body was dis
covered the Buiclde fired two shots In
front of the house in which his sister-in
law resides. In a note found by the Cor
oner's deputies Henry blames this rela
tive for bringing the trouble Into his life
that led to his ending- It.
In the afternoon Henry visited the home
of his sister-in-law at 522 Shotwell street.
He went to bid good-by to the four young
children of -his deceased -brotheV, 'whom
he loved passionately. He did not see the
little ones for the reason that he com
menced a tirade of abuse and was taken
in charge by an ftfflcer and 6ent to tho
Seventeenth-street station. He promised
to refrain from repeating a scene in the
neighborhood and was discharged from
custody. I^ater he broke his promise to
the officers and went back again. This
time he fired the shots.
At 5 o'clock Henry was found' in his
room, above his grocery with a bullet
through his heart. The discovery was
made by W. P. McNally. a clerk in the
store. No one heard the fatal shot fired.
When Chief Deputy Coroner McCormack
and Deputy Brown arrived on the scene
they found the pistol beside the body and
the following note on a bureau:
Goodbye to all my friends. My sister-in-law
Is the cause of It all.
Ten years ago Henry's brother died,
leaving four children. The widow of the
deceased moved to John Henry's home
over his grocery store and remained there
until four weeks ago, keeping house for
the grocer and rearing her children.
When she left four -weeks ago it was be
cause of Henry's periods of inebriation,
which rendered her existence unendurable.
Since then Henry had drank consider
able and made repeated efforts to get the
children back under his shelter. Mrs.
Henry prevented this and the two had fre
quent quarrels.
WILL EEPRESENT STATE
AT FLOBAI, CONVENTION
E. H. Iilientfeal Is Selected State
Vice President of the Ameri- j
¦" can Society.
H. H. Lllienthal, former secretary of the
Pacific Coast Horticultural Society, has
been selected State vice president of the
Society of American Florists, which holds
its annual convention at Ashevllle, N. C.
As it is his duty, as the representative
of the State, to make the best showing
possible for California, Mr. Lilienthal has
begun a systematic work of grathering in
formation concerning floriculture horti
culture, viticulture, soil, topographv and
climate, all of which he will embody in
his annual report. To this end he Is en
listing the services of the State organiza
tion and prominent growers in every sec-
School Girl Missing.
Mattie Hodge, the ten-year-old daugh
ter of Mrs. H. Hodge, has been missing
from her home at 1110 Leavenworth street
since last Monday afternoon. The last
seen of her was on Pacific street, near
Jackson, where she had gone to visit a
friend. The little girl Is described as
being small for her age. She has brown
haii- and brown eyes and wore a blue
eerge dress and apron and a felt hat.
Guilty of Manslaughter.
Emmet Pettigrew, the young man who
etabbed Lafayette "Walsh to death during
the French celebration at the Chutes on
the night of July 14, was convicted yes
terday in Judge Lawlor's court of man
slaughter. He will be sentenced on the
ISth inst. ' .,- •: V v
Colonel Jerome Very HI.
Chief Clerk of the San Francisco Cus
tom-house. Colonel Edward B. Jerome, is
very III at his home in Oakland. He Is
being attended by Dr. K. T. Stratton. Up
to a late hour last night his condition was
critical and little hope is entertained for
his rprnvcrv. ;;,¦*.
- THE; • S AN FR AyrblSOO> OALI^, . FBID AY; JANUARY 10, 1902.
Kionhart's Flarseed 1 Balsam
Will cure your couch.- 50 cents at all ' 'druggisti.
¦ MERCED, Jan.'-: 9.— A' freight i.wreck on
the Santa\ Fe i. last f night ; five \ miles i west
of f town. 1 caused .iby^.three years cderailing
seriously 5 Interfered 'with f the running « of
trains. ;•; The east-bound ' overland^ had • to
return'; to : Stockton and ; go |up , the .valley
on the; Southern /Pacific : tracks. >• All other
trains :iwere delayed 3 eight : or;' ten hours.
No one was , hurt In j the .wreck.
Freight : Cars Leave the ¦ Rails.
>• While Sutton -was In this : condition the'
( short : footpad i relieved' him v of -¦- the ¦' 59 80
but neglected ; to ¦ take ; either: his .watch • or
a : valuable- pin that was ; in .his 1 - necktie.
After;, taking f Sutton's money, the two -
footpads -fled.; :¦ - ;-.-» ¦'.;'¦¦ .- ''-... -..- .. ••
Sutton claims ¦ ; , that .: the ; taller .robber
wore ; a ; soldier ; hat,?, while ¦ the : short one :
who i was also s very 4 stout, had on 'a black
¦ At ¦ the same - time another, robber, •', who ;
was much taller and ; stronger ; than ; the
one who held the gun,-, seized* Button- from,
behind. . He 1 so held the civil engineer that
he was equally | powerless ; to • fight ; or call
for assistance. : I • .- . ~ '¦¦ - h-" •
Sutton at- the. time was on. his -way'
home.' He was '.accosted .by the .". short
footpad, who ; asked him ¦' for ¦•] a i match."
Sutton reached into. his- pocket : for. 'the
match - and ,was 'i about to a hand i it : to , the
robber, who, : instead of . taking it, ". covered ¦
Sutton * with a: revolver. ¦ •. ,- : ¦. ..•;
Two . footpads, •" one tall { and ; the pother
short,^executed,; a .bold but weir planned!
robbery last night on* Eddy street,-, near'
Van Ness avenue. v. Arnold Sutton;-*a 'civil
engineer, who; resides at 728 Eddy- street,
was their victim.' He " waa relieved- 1 of
?9 80.. ' ¦;; = ; ¦¦ ¦ -.. . . '. . •.- ..•;;.•:,;:,
TWO FOOTPAODS BOB • ¦ ,- : ," .
- . ' A V CIVIL ENGINEER,
- . Schwerer : Is ; 71 years ' of :¦ age and ' was
the owner: of ;• much -property 'In National
City,, including among . -other ¦ pieces -> the
Odd .Fellows'- Hall j and the .land on : which
it is 'located,"-; All of ; this -to -the; value; of
J10.O0O he turned over to, the defendant in
this -action,? the being that
she ..was . to "take ; care ¦ of i him '. during,; the
remainder of , his: life.. Some > time > ago he
decl ared , that she 5 was '.< trying • to : get J rid
of . him, with ' the result that i he \ was "ad
judged dnsane' and .sent : to- the; asylum/
whence • he 1 was S liberated after > : a :-i short
time.*, ¦; He; now, declares .'that!, there :,was
no - consideration ; given for ; the. property
and that '.undue. Influence was used In
curing him to sign the deeds.. '¦: ¦ v
; .The defendant claims that ;it Is Reupsch
who-.was- trylng?to» get hold of .the old
man s' : property, andjis .misleading' him.
Schwerer ; has no -relatives. »-•
. SAN ¦ r>IEGOj; Jan. : . 9.— A suit with a
story^ was cornrhenced r ; to-day '<¦ by Fred
Reupsch, 1 as, "guardian ad; Iitem of -Fred
Schw^rer of National! City, against Emma
Xauber.; for ', the recovery of ¦ certain > prop-*
erty.- which \was '"conveyed Tby> deed^ fVom
Schwerer to the defendant several months
azo.':< -..-•" ,.,'¦> .-¦¦¦.¦. ¦ ¦¦:.•¦"¦:-¦¦¦
in San Diego.
Interesting Suit Involving Ten .Thoii
. sand . Dollars . Is . Commenced
AGED MAN - ENDEAVORS ; -
¦ , TO ; RECOVER PROPERTY^
±t.b..- Wright,^ who was a trusted clerk
in ; ;the\ employ, of >the .Little Standard Oil
Company, ..whose;offlce. is at 530 California
street, ..took . a -: hasty departure ¦ from- the
city? Wednesday,, morning, after having
defrauded "his Temployers, , if -their'allega
tions ; are true, but >of several' hundred
dollars. j The,; exact famount of,:his al
leged I theft will . not be known . until tlw
books of the company have "been expert
cd. .Wright .was 'accompanied ',by. ' h's
wife.i; The officers of 'the '/company fnaVo
not. as. yet succeeded In learning his des
tination. They are trying to preserve 'the
greatest secrecy in : regard to their clerk's
sudden departure'from the city. .
Wright's employers^de'emed: him a model
youngman. worthy to be impllcitly.trust
ed.TAs far as is known; he had no intem
perate habits.^ He had been In the employ
of the ? Little Standard Oil . Company for
about a year. -¦•.-¦¦
' ¦ The -Little Standard Oil Company is con
trolled by a corporation, which also has
under .its charge the Black and Tan Mu
tual Mining Company, Garibaldi Mining
Company, 'Pioneer, Mutual' Mining Com
pany and. the, Zealandia Mining Company.
; The society man says he inquired of one
of .'the patronesses what the trouble was
all about and ¦ she ': then -\ ; explained" -.'the
financial danger that threatened.: He but'
gested .that., the -nat . be . .passed' around
among the men. ,' The step was nottaken,
ho wever. an d who . will pay . f or the ' cham
pagne is yet an open question; '
How the ,: mistake . happened , nobody
seems to know. The. patronesses. thought
the wine went '; with the supper, > while the
Palace Hotel management .thought the
nectar would' be ; extra. H The hotel ¦ people
'feel-that they have the first think.' The
mistake was not discovered until too late,
and^now the -ladies "who .worked- hard -to
make the affair a. success do not 1 know
onwhich side pf the ledger they stand, va
great deal of champagne got loose before
the true status of affairs was discovered,
and champagne is expensive.'. - -. .- : •.-.* • » ,¦
j ; A '. prominent- ii.yoUng - 1 society / 1 man- in
speaking of the. affair said last: evening
that his attention ( was first called to the
matter-by- the refusal of the;waiter-who
was -attending' to. his .wants to serve'him
.with any more of the wine. 1> *. • ..:
\ "I'-can't give you any more,"- said -the
waiter. "There is trouble enough already
about it."; , v - • . . y ¦ >
The attendance was -. large at the bUU,
society turning out well... The artillery
band never played better dance music and
everybody had a fine time until the supper
was served at midnight.- Then there came
trouble. Some one had blundered. - \ ; ",r;
There came champagne in liberal quan
tities and^ their no- more ': champagne: /A
dryness grew on the assembly. :> Some one
chokingly said a dispute had arisen as to
who should pay: for the wine— the patron
esses 6r. the hotel.- •'¦¦¦- ¦¦-*'•• - ¦ ¦ •
Grief is depicted in the faces of 1 all the
society ladies who kindly^ actedas.patron
esses at the charity. ball which took, place
at the Palace Hotel Wednesday even
nig. At the afternoon teas the question
is being whispered around^ "Who is. going
to pay for the wine?". The query"; has not
been answered and will ' probably, not"- be
for some time to come. •' . ' : .'-'••' \
Destination.
R^S/^rigHt; Leaves City
% WithoutVStating His
Contretemps' at Charity
Ball .Supper Flus
ters -Society. ; ;
Major H. f. Sush, commanding: First Battal
ion of Artillery, .will send- a suitable detail to
meet. the train. beating. the remains. on Us ar
rival on Thursday next and escort them to tho
Armory -of his- battalion; -at -810 Ellis street,
San Francisco, and upon. arrival there he will I
establish- a suitable 'guard,- which guard will
be maintained ' until ¦ the funeral ¦ ceremonies,
which will take place on Sunday, the 12th lnst.,
at 10 a. m.;- at -. the Armory, thence to the Pre
sidio, where the Interment will take place, i ¦ " .
Captain' ¦ T.". ' A.- ' Nerney, commanding ' Naval
Militia, is requested to send a proper- detail to
report, to Major H.iP.Bush, to form a part of
the guard above ordered.. ¦
The First Regiment Infantry, the First Bat
talion of Artillery. Companies A, 'F and O,
Fifth Regiment - Infantry, Troop A Cavalry
(mounted). • the Signal Corps Second Brigade,
and Company A, • Veteran =• Reserves, Captain
King: commanding,, will- report tat 10 a. m, on
Sunday, the 12th inst., T at the corner of Polk
and Ellis streets, ton Colonel A: K.Whltton,
Fifth . Infantry Regiment, who, in the absence
of Brigadier ¦ General - Warfleld. will command
the funeral escort and. have charge of the en
tire procession, for escortjduty at the funeral, v
. Companies. A, F and G,. Fifth Regiment In
fantry, will for, this occasion be formed Into a
battalion and report to the commanding officer
First Regiment; Infantry, and, form a part of
his command during the escort.
The First, Second and Knsrlneer Divisions of
the Naval ; Militia having . reported for escort
duty. -- will ' report ¦ as " directed ..for . the above
named commands.. ¦ •¦..'.'
'¦Undress uniform '.will be worn. Of fleers will
. wear :: the customary ; bAdge ' of ' mourning and
the : colors • of all commands participating win
be draped.- '. : ; . - : -. .... ...
The respective : commanding of fleers will de
tail as i bearers sergeants and petty officers ar
follows.,. they to report to Major H. P. Bush
at the Armory -at 9:30 a. m., -on Sunday the
12th lnst.: -•>- . . . ¦ -..-..
First ReBtment Infantry. . . ;..''¦• 2
Xaval Militia .... ........ * ' '-S
First. Battalion of 'Artillery ::.i :¦...:..: . '" : x
Battalion Fifth Regiment>Infantry. . . . .'..'.'""•>
Troop A." Xavalry ...:.:'..........'.. .;.... '\
Signal , Corps." Second • Brigade -.~. : . .'. . ..-....! **i
Company "A." Veteran; Reser\'es ....:..-. .*""*i
- The commanding officer. Thinl (Brigade " *N
G.-C, will direct the proper number of minute
guns to • bd'flred at ' Sacramento - as the train
bearing. the .remains of :the late Adjutant Gen
eral« Seamans passes . through Sacramento
; -. The . commanding ; officer of I the *U • S "- s' ' Ma
rion is requested to lire the proper minute guns
as the funeral' procession moves from the Ar
mory and again "at ', 1:30 p --.m ','
• The; commandingr. of fleer First Battaliort of
Artillery.. wllltdetail one battery from his bat
talion,*, which, .will • constitute the flrine Dartv
at the grave. , . . ..«:-.
All of fleers ' and • men ' of the National / Guard
of ; California. - both : active -, and - retired - are • in
vited to attend these ceremonies 1 ¦.. '¦
By. command of Major General John H ; Dick
inson, a ; D.E. MILES,
. Colonel ; and Acting Adjutant General,*
Pursuant": to orders and -Instructions from the
commander-in-chief, 'the -.following order is is
sued regarding the last honors .to be paid to
the remains of the late adjutant general of Cal
ifornia, Brigadicr< General \V. H. Seamans.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, N. G. C.
¦¦¦¦*: HAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7, 1002.
> (Special Order 'No. 1.)
A number of the offlcersof the Gover
nor's statf and National Guard went to
Oakland to - receive the remains. They
were Colonels ; Beck, Ptppy. Young,
Choynski,. Hendy ,and Major Bush.
The following orders have been issued
in reference' to the funeral:
The remains of the late Adjutant Gen
eral W. H. Seamans of California arrived
on the overland train from Washington
at 9 o'clock. last evening. Mrs. Seamans
and the daughter of the deceased officer,
Mrs Grace S. ' Barnes, who ¦ were with
him at the time of his death, accompanied
the body 'from- the East. Commander
Douglas White' of -the- Naval Militia, who
was in / Washington 1 ) on National Guard
matters, : was also - one of tne : party.
- The bod^was reverently., hrtea from
the train av the Oakland mole by a de
tail Of eight non-commissioned^ omcers. of
lignt -artillery, under command, of Lieu
tenant Hyer- and 'placed in a v hearse that
was in readiness. The body was taken to
a local undertaking parlor ' before being
in the KMs-street Armory.
CLERK ACCUSED
BY EMPLOYERS
WINE SUDDENLY
CEASES TO FLOW
Body of Late General
SeamaD s Arrives .
¦ From the East.
RESTS BENEATH
FOLDS OF FLAG
TT La,Jeunesse l Cotillon at Golden Gate
Hall this evening: bids fair to be one of the
moat (delightful dance's ;¦ of. the season.
yFrom the number, of invitations extended
it is pnobable ¦ there will be something of
- Mrs. "Walter Hobart. Mrs. "U'tnthrop ' E.~ris
ter^Mrs. ,lAwrence Irving. Scott. Mrs. Albert
J. Dibblce, Miss' Carrie Taylor,' Miss Genevieve
Carolan,'. Miss : Marian Coffin, Miss Frances
Allen, Miss Georgina , Jones. .' .% s
..'¦¦¦:-¦¦ . -r. • ,¦•.-• ¦ ¦ • ...¦- '•: .*' . .
14
Combination Sale
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
L. Katzman's ,of New York and Our Eh-
UNHEARD-OF .PRICES ! . .
ONE DOLLAR'S WORTH FOR 50c AND LESS IN
1 MANY INSTANCES,
To=Day and To=Morrowv
$ 4-OO Brpwn Boucle AUTO JACKETS at . . .$1:45
$15.00 Va Tan KERSEY COATS, Double Cap^Vel-
$10.00 Navy Blue CHEVIOT SUITS at.:... .....$^4.45
$25.00 Novelty TAILOR SUITS, Black, 'Blue; Tan
and Gray, for. . . . f . . , . .$14.95
$ 2.50 All-Wool Black HOMESPUN SKIRTS at. . .85c
$ 3.00 Blue, Gray and Brown Lined SKIRTS at. . . . :$ 1.25
$ 7.50 Tan Venetian'JACKETS, lined ......;-.$ 3.95
FLANNEL and SILK WAISTS at 35c on the dollar.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
IwIm/-^'- IX of 0UFShaYe an u.nmatcli-
- : ' : mMn!&? * y^At. \ al)Ie rscortl for wear a n^
I'M I lli\ W \ lastIn^ qualities, In the
' lUr wi^ u Phasing 1902 colorlnas.
I • fill i : tfT^J^ A Fabric That
' m^WW : --y\ Wears Like
Wfe^^^^^^ That's what uou want for
iWol W\m\ Anl lhe coats are ]3Utlt
IHll i \ll wltl1 that firoa(1 mllltar B
• iH3 / v I j j extended shoulder, which
¦^SILtf" aIJ-' 1; lm B arts ai^ aIr of smart-
Wm Hi ~ : ' T1]Iese are smapt ultS| for
|if 11| . I lads hatween the ages of 8
llw wi ji andl5jatthespeGlalprlceof
I ; d&&^i . l^\ J Douhle the mone^ won't \
1 I huy letter suits elsewhere. /
con Ke a rny Street & 1 ¦')
V^ Union Square Avenue^ M^V
Dainty // T|
Parlor 1 (I
Table / Vpff-
Birdseyei /111
Maple, Oak or| fa *^ u
Mahogany, "^ * J
suitable for bay-window
or corner. $1.85
We make a specialty of fur-
nishing homes, flats, hotels and
rooming- houses. Let us estimate
the cost for you. Special after-
holiday -reductions, in. all depart-
ments. Credit if you wish. We ,
close at 6, except. on Saturday. \
t; BRILLIANT
| FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST. STREET,,
Opposite Union Square.
Oppression. Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES j5r POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, B. FOUGERA & Ca
.. ; SOLD BY ALI. DRUGGIST3^^ '
'¦¦.._ fr- — -• r
' 15 IJ T T Q XI "I? Q '¦ FOR B ARBERS. BAX-
JUXlU OXlluO ers bootblacks, bath.
houses, billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, . laundries, papw-
bansers. printers/ painters, shoe factortea,
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners. - tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
DR.MCNULTY:
O^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
.1. Specialist atrc.i Blood Poison, Gonorrhcea.Gleet,
I s trie turt-. Seminal Weakness, Impotence and tbeir
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. free.
Over2o yearVexperience. Terms reasonable. Hoar*. -
9to3daily;6:30to3.30ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to n. Consul-
- tatlouIreeandsocredlyconfldenUal. Call or address
P. ilOSCOE McXUIiTY, M. D.
20 K Kear»y 8C . Saa Francisco, Cal.
*_f% 1111 Ammunition " and Sporting
I" I 111 V* Goods - Lar 8 e »t Stock. Lo%v"
¦ nil lu Hk est Prices. Until close of
I 13 Sill B huntlns season win offer
UVlIUg3-& ,«&«- pnc-..
SHRSVft * BAHBSE CO.
¦ 739XarketgtaadSUg»araygt
EXPERT . OPTICIAN.
OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE.
One of San Francisco's most efficient police
of fleers Joins Admiral Dew-y in RECOM-
MENDING Mr. George Mayerle. the German
Expert Optician, and sends the following testi-
monial: - ¦ ¦¦ - .
"It gives me much pleasure to recommend to
the . public Mr. George Mayerle of San Fran-
cisco. I have been using glasses for the Dast
four years, and during that time have con-
sulted - several ' opticians, but not nntll I con-
sulted Mr. Mayerle and had him fit glasses to
my eyes did I set . ENTIRE SATISFACTION "
Most respectfully. J. H. ANDERSON - "
'•Sergeant of Police. San Francisco."
NOTICE— NEGLECTED
?h T f ES b1?ix AF J ect , s
5*Si" l-Hfc. BRAIN. Mayerle
gJVQxPSsr^' Classes cannot be had from
any traveling optician. THK
•¦•'~T™ — *¦'.> ' GENUINE must be ordered
directs from GEORGE MATERLE. Graduate
German Expert Optician. 1071% Market street
San Francisco. Telephone South 872. German
Eyewater, 60c. CUT THIS OUT. wu "»*
All kinds of shoes
are worn bu all
kinds of people,
slioesaretlie right
kind.and are worn
bu. the ricrht kinds,
of people,
50 Par Far '
Only to he had at
TheRofeS
50 THIRD ST.,
SAN FRAIVC1SCO.
Second shoe store from
. Market street.
Mail orders specially so-
licited and promptly filled.
===r— --y,