WHOSE FINGERS CLOSED IN A DEATH CLUTCH ON THROAT OF NORA FULLER
Ti.HE.work of establishing the identity t of the foul fiend who strangled little Nora Fuller to .death; in- the house; at: 221 1 Sutter street is still baffling the police. The strangler whose brutal
fingers cruelly shut off the life of his girlish victim masqueraded under so many names it will .be;almost.impossible to trace: him. Attorney Hugh Grant, at his own request, was shown
yesterday to the people who had dealings with the strangler while he was plotting his hellish -crime,;^nd they all agreed without hesitation that the attorney was not the man.
POLICE FAIL IN THEIR SEARCH TO DISCOVER THE IDENTITY OF THE STRANGLER
CORONER'S JURY BEGINS ITS INQUIRY INTO THE, FULLER MYSTERY.
, Continued;on Page .Two.
Continued on j Page j Three.
THE preliminary steps toward holding
a Coroner's Inquest into the cause of
death of Eleanor Fuller, the young
girl %vho was mysteriously murdered
in the house at 2211 Sutter 6treet,
were taken yesterday morning. Cor-
oner Leland swore in the jury and
then took the members of that official
body upstairs to the autops=y room and
j-howed them the -body of the murdered
girl. They asked a number of questions
In regard to the marks on the girl's throat
and were enlightened by Dr. Leland. They
were then escorted to the police property
clerk's office, where they examined -the
bed, mattress and clothing taken from the'
house of mystery. Later the jury, a.ccom-|
panied by members of the- press 'and De
tective Hamill, went to 2211 Sutter street
and made a minute examination of the
premises. Thefirst thing' the jurors no
ticed as they ascended the narrow, stairs
was that some one. had' removed .-, the
number of the house. Once inside, the
dwelling, they moved from room to room
in" the hope of finding a' tangible ; clew/
Attorney Hugh C. Grant, at his own
request, was taken by Detective Dillon
yesterday to several places mentioned tn
connection with thl murder of Eleanor
Fuller for purposes of identification. The
first place visited was the Popular Res
taurant, on Geary street, where Bennett
made the appointment to meet the mur
dered girl. Grant was confronted by Pro
prietor Krone and the young lady cashier.
They declared that Grant did not resem
ble Bennett and that they had not seen
him, there before. A visit was also made
to the Standard Furniture Company, at
850 Mission street, where Grant was con
fronted by the men who sold the furnitura
to Bennett. B. T. Schell, the salesman,
and Larry Gillen, the driver, unhesitating
ly declared that they were unable to
recognize him as the man to whom Schell
had sold the furniture or the one to whom
Gillen had delivered it at the house at
2211 Sutter , street. Grant expressed him«
self as satisfied after passing through the
two ordeals that he had been cleared or.
all suspicion. . . . - "-
ATTORNEY GRANT
CONFRONTS MANY
"William Ring-, manager CotVs Spring Mineral "Water Com
pany, residence Nineteenth and Castro streets.
Frank Triest, Tricst & Co., hats and.caps, 116 Sansome street.
Achille Boos, Koos Bros., Kearny and Post streets. ... .-
Ferdinand Reis, cashier Pacific States Loan Society, 410 Pine
street. . .... . •
Louis Roesch, Roescii & Co.. printers and lithographers, 325
Sansome street. .
Edwin Schlueter, Schluete- & Volberg, 215 Sutter street.
William J. CLeary, cashier Stein, Simon & Co., wholesale
¦woolens and trimmings, Market and Second streets. ¦ ¦¦ •
Daniel M. Brereton, sub-manager O'Connor, Moffatt'& Co., 121
Pest street.
John B. Davitt, Daily & Davitt, New England Home Bakery,
320 Sixth street. ; .
CORONER'S JURY IN THE FULLER MURDER CASE.
': : So: far 1 as i>the ' police . have j progressed
in the; ferreting -out ot the ¦ identity .'of the
At Cavanaugh's and the Standard Fur
niture Company's store, 'where Bennett
bought, the .bedding; arid- the ; bedstead,
Grant was ¦ not recognized as the j man - to
'whom the. dealers sold the furniture. ; In
fact y everybody, . who' ,had . any k dealings
with the murderer .in ; making his prelim
inary f plans to 'kill the young girl -stated
that Grant- was j not . the : man ,they did
business with; nor did he; resemble '.him'
in any particular, y * ; . " ' ; / . ,'•
Grant was first taken . to '* the ¦ Popular
restaurant, _ where ; he was . keenly , eyed
by/ the proprietor, F. ¦ W. Krone. Krone
faid he was not the man whom he' knew
as John '¦ Bennett. --.¦". / ¦. . ':¦'
Do N"ot Reco gnize Him.
At his own request Attorney Grant was
taken around yesterday to the; different
tradesmen who" had dealings ; with the
supposed murderer. Captain Seymour de
tailed Detective Tom Dillon' to accom
pany Grant. / •' : ;f- . ; , ', : ' .
ing she was lured from her home, nor Is
he the man who rented ; the Sutter street
house where' the murder' was committed.
Grant is ¦ not . the , rather good-looking,
well dressed; wary individual ''with a cast
in his eye who bought the scant articles
of furniture at- Cavanaugh's and at the
Standard .Furniture-. Company,';-, nor ; is he
the mani.-who; was- at -the Sutter street
house .when the expressman delivered. the
bedding. ; ' . f %
[ACH day that passes contributes ad
ditional mystery to the movements
of the fiend who strangled Nora
Fuller. All sorts of theories are be
ting advanced, but nearly every prob
able explanation of the motive and
the details of how the crime was com
mitted are shattered by some circum
stance which . readily disproves them.
The police are practically at sea. In
the history of crime in,this city the de
tectives have never had to deal with a
fmore j perplexing murder. The famous
Durrani case was a matter of easy solu
tion- when compared with the mystery
surrounding the strangling of Nora Ful
ler. In the Durrant case the Identity of
the murderer was known within a few
hours after the finding of the dead bodies
of his victims, and all that remained for
the police to do was to unearth the evi
dence that would fasten the crime upon
him.
The.inquest over the body of the mur 7
dered'girl was commenced yesterday. The
identity of John Bennett, alias C.B. :
Hawkins, alias Scott, is' still a mystery,
upon which yesterday's developments
threw.no light. .• ¦•
Grant Is Under. Fire.
The character and habits of Attorney.
Hugh Grant, who knew Nora Fuller in
her iif etime and who bought her a dress
shortly before her disappearance,' are be
ing thoroughly threshed out by a morning
paper, - but ' the j fact remains that Hugh
Grant is not the man who met Nora Ful
ler? at the ? Popular restaurant .the even-
were. uncovered, and she pointed out the
scar, "but it seemed to. me to be higher
up on the foot." . . -
.Attention was next ' turned to the .vac
cination mark below the - left' knee, and
Mrs. Fuller soon pointed it out.jBut the
most painful ordeal was yet to CQme.
. "Does that .look .like your daughter's
hair, Mrs. asked the deputy, as
he .slightly^ uncovered the forehead and
side of the face. ":
"That ' is her ear," said Mrs. Fuller.
"There is a scar on it. See? And that is
her : hair, too. Oh, j it was so bright and
golden -when the sun shone on it!"
Then the placid brow and the eyes and
the nose were exposed. Mrs. Fuller could
stand it no longer.
. "It is my daughter! It is my child! It is
my Nora!"
The pent-up grief and anxiety were re
lieved by a copious flow of tears, as Mrs.
Fuller sank exhausted in a chair which
had . been provided for just such emer
gency. - Detectives . and reporters turned
their heads. away, and many an eye was
moistened in silent sympathy with the
mother's grief.
Led Away by Friends.
"Leave ¦ me alone , with my child, my
daughter, my dear little Nora,". she cried.
But Miss Tierney, the Morgue matron,
and Mrs. Fuller's friends kindly led her
away from the body. In a few minutes
her composure was restored and she paid
a visit to Captain of Detectives Seymour.,
ItVwas proposed to ' : secure • a . statement
from herj' ; but Mrs.S Fuller was in no con
dition to make one. - "¦ . ' . :¦
However, she was taken to the office of
the property, clerk and 'there* examined
the clothing found in the room with 'the
Mystery Still Shrouds the Details of the
Horrifying Crime.
Coroner Impanels Jury to Investigate Cause
of Eleanor Fuller's Death.
body. Each piece was carefully examined
and Mrs.. Fuller formally identified it as
that worn. by her daughter at the time
she left home. This examination and
identification -was merely perfunctory, as
Mrs. Fuller had already .recognized the
clothing.
• As soon as possible Mrs. Fuller was
placed in a carriage and driven to her
home. Her statement to Captain Seymour
will be made at a later date.
Mrs. Fuller Visits the Morgue and Fully Recognizes Remains
of Her Murdered Daughter.
/¦ T.ia. my, daughter! It Is my .child! It
J; la my little Nora!"- .
I. • Mrs.- Fuller, .the mother of the.mur
1 'dere'd girl, thus - exclaimed when
I . brought lace , to face with the remains
¦ of. .her daughter yesterday after-*
, noon ¦ in 5 the autopsy-room | 'of the
Morgue. 1 1 was dark : and rainy without ,
and the subdued grayish light that come
through -the .big skylight made the sur
roundings as ; grewsome as ¦ well could be.
Stretched upon the autopsy table and
covered with sheets the body of the mur
dered girl lay. All that was '.visible was
her. forehead and' a tangled mass of light
blonde hair. The feature's were entirely
hidden, and everything was done to Bpare
the mother pain. The ordeal was a trying
one, , but | she .nerved : herself for a sight
of the face of her daughter, who left' her
so gayly one evening a month ago.^- .",
Mrs. Fuller, accompanied by^ajlaay
friend, arid a • neighbor, R. X E.:-Keyes,
reached the Morgue about 4 o* clock.'i De
tectives Harry Reynolds and Coleman'ac
companied them. They .were met by .^Dep
uty Coroner. McCormack. and escorted to
the, upper^ part of the Morgue, where the
body was.- Mrs. Fuller ' maintained -"her
composure,- and, after a few minutes', rest
was -escorted Into the ¦'. autopsy-room. As
the door ; opened .; she faltered . on the
threshold for'^a, moment,*- but her com
panion gently, but" firmiy led her in.
¦;>."Is there any distinguishing 1 - mark."
asked the Deputy .Coroner, u "by which
youcould 'distingulshyouridaughter?"
'¦;.' Mother's Identification Marks.
';¦-; "There is a scar on one of the feet, ',.' re-,
sponde'd. Mrs.. Fuller. "She j hurt her foot
one? day \ arid, the .wound 'left tlts« mark.
That' is' it,' 1^ think,',', ehe j said, as .the feet
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO. 74.
SAN FRAN CISCO, WEDSTJES^ 12, 1902;
The San Francisco Call.Ai W. Vance Talked With
the Man of Mystery
Several Times.
Furniture Dealer Saw
Him Since the
* •
Murder.
SATISFIED
HE KNOWS
STRANGLER
MOTHER TAKES A LAST LOOK AT NORA'S REMAINS
THE >« SAN FKASTOISCO CALE; "WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1 2, 1902.
•E.. H. Parrish, vice president. and secre-" 1
tary'of the Gorham Rubber Company, c:
392 Mission street, introduced ' Serebrenek
at the San' Francisco Club and acted as
his sponsor. Parrish states that he knew
nothing of , the ¦, man' until he . was intro
duced to him oy Will Bryson of the Field
Mercantile - Company some. time, ago:
After, the introduction Serebrenek visited
John'^E. Chapman, who lives at. 899'
Capp - street, - believes \ that he saw . the
murdered girl on Market street about a
week] after '. her . disappearance. /"/After
viewing; the .body at the .Morgue yester
day' Chapman; made .^the following state
ment.to Captain Seymour:!
"About January 16 I was walking down
E. H. Parrish Says Russian
Is a Refined Gen
tleman;
SPEAKS HIGHLY
OF SEREBRENEK
John E. Chapman Positive
v That He Passed Her
on Street. ¦'¦ ¦
THINKS HE SAW
MURDERED GIRL
This . Is Your Time,
Before- all the "clothing, of A. Brick will
be gone. The. room'; is wanted for the
New ".York . clothing, that" 1 will j arrive here
next week.; So .you had: better get your
men's suits .and 'overcoats that are worth
$18 for $4.65 at the bankrupt clothing sale
of the Boston,- 773 Market" street, near
Fourth. . , ,- • .. .»,
STOCKTON, . Feb, ;il.~ The story, of a
strangely, acting ' man, wearing' a mask,
either to .hide his identity or as an in
sane ; whim, was • brought to the city to
day. The man passed through the coun
try seventeen", miles south of ¦ this city
about ten days ago, headed for the moun
tains. The farmers who have since read
of the death of NoraFuller in San> Fran
cisco now claim that the fellow resembled
some of the descriptions that have been
published of •"Bennett" : , or "Hawkins,"
whom the reports have mentioned in con
nection, with the tragedy. .
The stranger -stopped at the home of
J.;W. Carter near Atlanta. James Carter,
a son of -the. rancher, who was In this city
to-day, claimed that so far as they were
able to see the fellow ; closely resembled
Dr. !W.' H. Kellogg, crty bacteriologist,
made a report, yesterday to; Coroner Le
land as to the result of his microscopical
examinations of certain" portions of Elea
nor Fuller's body!.".Dr. Kellogg's report
causes stronger belief In theories regard
ing the fiendlshness of the murder. ;
Frank T.- Green, ! city chemist, . and • Dr.'
Charles L. Morgan- through the - latter
rcade a report; of the chemical analysis
made by them' of the contents of the"
girl's stomach. They reported that they
could not find a trace of poison.' The
stomach was practically devoid of: food,'
save for a small portion of apple j appar
ently eaten only a few hours before death
occurred. There was a slight congestion
of the stomach such. as might be caused
by the use of stimulants or alcoholJo
drinks by a person not accustomed, to
them.'." , .- : ¦ ,;¦ .-¦;. ' V . ¦'- ¦' -.-._:..;..
. A quart bottle containing a small quan
tity of whisky or brandy was found in
one of the rooms." The .bottle : is of the
kind ordinarily known as '.'vermouth?
bottle. .Part of the. neck had a white bot
tle capsule on: It,', but nothing to Indicate
where it was bought. The; bottle -had
also been used as a candlestick,' a partly
-burned candle ; being stuck in it.: On tha
sides of the bottle were stains > of 'candle
grease.. The contents of the bottle, were
examined for traces of poison, but none
was found. .. i .< . . . .,....;
The chemists have not as yet completed
iinrrtlmiiiti'tiutr.'i; *~lMhfiT«ntr-'m'i> fr~~n v ~* "rn" -
Dr. Kellogg ? s Discoveries
Add to Horror of
the Case.
Rancher v ;- Carter Tells of
V Strange of
; ' :;Masked Man.
BELIEVE BENNETT
WAS IN ATLANTA
BACTERIOLOGIST
MAKES A REPORT
Several letters found at the Sutter
street house; it will be remembered, were
redirected . and the | supposition was that
the mail had been forwarded by the
postofflce, but investigation yesterday dis
closed the fact that the officials at the
general postoffice have no record of hav
ing been, requested . to forward letters to
"Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Hawkins" at 2211
Sutter street. Chief of^Polico Wittman
and Captain Seymour detailed Detective
T.P. Riordan on the case yesterday, and
Superintendent Cox gave the officer every
facility at the general postoffice. Realiz
ing the importance 1 of the investigation;
Mr. Cox gave Detective Riordan* a letter
to Superintendent A. Tyler of Station F
postofflce^ requesting that everything
should be ; done to aid the officer !n his
Inquiries. Riordan then visited Isadore
Coleman Levey, the postman who deliv
ered: the letters addressed "C. B. Haw
kins, Esq., 2211 Sutter street," and "Mrs.
C. B. Hawkins."
Levey was unable to throw any . light
on the mystery. He had neither seen nor
heard any one at the Sutter-street house.
Not getting a reply to his repeated ring
ing of the bell he pushed the. letters' he
had to deliver under the door.
At the Golden West Hotel, from -where
the letters were redirected, inquiries were
made, but all knowledge of them was
disclaimed. '
J Another printer said that he^ worked
with -Bennett, on the Salt Lake Tribune
from 1891 to 1893. . He says that the de
scription'of Bennett and the man"' wanted
is perfect. -' , . • - '• ¦• ' ¦ " •
"Bennett soon after went to Denver "and
worked on the papers there. He told
people at Denver that his eye had .been
injured by a wound received while In the
English navy. The last I saw of Bennett
was in 1889 at Denver." ' '¦ "
A number..; of local printers are ac
quainted ; with' a" John Bennett, a printer
who worked with them in *bther cities.
Some of his, old acquaintances stated- last
evening that the Jack Bennett they, knew
years ago answers the description of the
Bennett wanted by the authorities.
"I knew a printer by the name of Jack
Bennett In Los Angeles in 1886," said one
of the craft. "He was. a clever, dapper
fellow, who walked erect and gave you
the Impression that : he -was a military
man. He worked on the- Los Angeles
Times with me. He was married, but did
not get on well with his wife. One night
he 'attempted suicide by shooting himself
in the head. The bullet lodged » near his
eye and he became blind in one eye as a
result of the shooting. •.. There was a cast
In the eye after that. .
Detective Riordan Works
• With Postal Officials
for a Clew. #'
Say That He Has a Cast in
One of His Eyes From a
Wound.
INQUIRY AT MANY
POSTOFFICES FAILS
PRINTERS KNOW
A JOHN BENNETT
Mrs. M. H. Hernan of 172S Lyon street
made a statement to the police yesterday
in which, she says she was sent by- a
clerk in Umbseh's real estate office dur
ing the latter, part of January to inspect
the house at '2211 Sutter street, he think
ing that it was vacant. She positively
declares that at that time she noticed
lace curtains over the windows in the
front rooms- of the-house. She is equally
positive that people .were living in the
house batween January 31 and February 6.
*• Airs. ; - Hernan says that she cannot ex
actly remember the ' date when she. was
sent to 2211 Sutter, street, but beforer ring
ing the front door bell she noticed the
lace curtains over the front windows in
the upper part of the house. After ring-
Ing the bell several times and not getting
an answer Mrs.- Hernan concluded' that
the occupants were out. That night she
told her husband that Umbsen's clerk
had given her the number of a house that
was still occupied. The next morning
Hernan went to the real estate office and
said that the house was not vacant. The
clerk insisted that it was and on Monday,
February^ 3,. Mrs.' Hernan paid another
visit to the place. The lace curtains were
still up. On .February 6 Mrs. Hernan paid
a third visit to' the house .and was ac
companied by . Mrs. ' Day of 1730 - Lyon
street. They found '.the blinds drawn and
after, ringing' the 'bell- several times "and
not, receiving an answer they leffin dis
gust.
Mrs. Hernan Says Windows
Were Curtained Until
a Week Ago.
DECLARES HOUSE
WAS NOT VACANT
he purchased the bedding at Cava
naugh's. Vance says the man asked to
be shown some cheap articles of furni
ture. The man thought the price Vance
asked for the articles was too high and
he did not make any purchases. Vance
is a keen observer. He remembers the
incident distinctly and he has furnished
the police one of the best descriptions of
the strangler that has been given them
by anybody who had dealings with him.
Vance talked with the strangler several
different times and in addition he states
positively that he saw the man on Mission
street not more than ten days ago. Cap
tain Seymour is inclined to place great
credence in Vance's story. It has caused
him to believe that the strangler may be
still In the city. -
May Be Bennett
The police have discovered that on the
night of January 11 a man registered at
the Golden West Hotel under the name
of B. C. Bennett. He gave his place of
residence as Port Costa, but further than
that nothing of his identity is known by
the hotel people. . .
Attorney Grant was brought down to
police headquarters yesterday morning
and again questioned by Captain Sey
mour. Grant was asked if he ever knew
a man named Bennett, and he answered
that he did. He said that he once tran
sacted some legal business for a printer
named George L. Bennett, but it was
years ago. The . Bennett in question
proved to be a respectable citizen living
at 224 Broderlck street. He called volun
tarily at police headquarters last evening
and satisfied Chief Wittman and Captain
Seymour that he had no connection with
the case. ,
Traveled Under Aliases.
The detectives are satisfied that the
names the strangler gave to the different
people he spoke to in carrying out his
horrible plans are fictitious. It is quite
unlikely and unnatural that a man bent
on committing such a heinous crime as
he had in view would be so Indiscreet as
to give • his right name. Although the
strangler dropped - into the Popular res
taurant for hi3 meals off and on' for
some years back F. W. Krone, the pro
prietor, did not know him by a name until
mysterious murderer the suspicion that
Grant is the man has been eliminated.
However, there is a well defined belief
among those Interested in the solution of
tiie mystery that Hugh Grant may not
be telling all he knows. There are cir
cumstances in connection with the FuN
ler girl's association with Hugh Grant
which might aid in establishing the iden
tity of her murderer. A theory is ad
vanced that Nora Fuller met her mur
derer in one of the many visits she paid
to- Attorney Grant's office or that Grant
heard the murdered girl speak of the fiend
with whom she 'was on friendly terms be
fore she vras taken to the house on Sutter
street and brutally strangled. Many un
savory things are said of the attorney,
but unless he Is connected in a more
tangible way with the horrifying- crime
they have no plape in the story of Nora
Fuller's murderi \
Saw Strangler and His Victim.
Chief cf Police WIttman and Captain
Seymour aro straining every energy to
solve the mystery. All day yesterday the
police officials were closely questioning
people who either came or were sum
moned to police headquarters- to tell what
they knew of the crime that threatens l<a
go down In the records of unsolved mur
der mysteries.
Charles Long, a saloonkeeper at the cor
ner of Taylor and Turk streets, called on
Captain Seymour yesterday and stated
that himself and his barkeeper, whose
name is Woodcock, saw Attorney Grant
and a girl answering Nora Fuller's de
scription on Taylor street about four
weeks ago.
John Chapman of 899 Capp street added
a mite to the mystery by stating that on
or about January 16 he accidentally bump
ed into a man accompanied by a young
girl on Market street near Brook. Chap
man noticed the pair very carefully and
is positive that the girl was Nora. Fuller.
Police Get Another Clew.
- A. W. Vance, proprietor of a furniture
store at 864 Mission street, held four
lengthy conversations with the supposed
strangler about the time he was scouring
the second-hand stores on Mission street
In search of the furniture found in the
room where the girl was murdered.
Vance Is positive that he talked -with
the same man who bought the bedding at
Cavanaugh's.
Vance's suspect answers the description
of the murderer In every particular. He
came into Vance's store on the same day
Coleman opened. the door of the house
and Mrs. Fuller entered. She seemed
dazed, and, after looking at " the f bare
walls for a moment again expressed the
belief that her daughter never entered the
house voluntarily. She is inclined to be
lieve that Nora was" murdered somewhere
else and her body was placed In a sack
and carried to the Sutter-street house.
The detectives have been kept busy
running down clews growing out of the
similarity of appearance of several people
to the man who bought the furniture.
"When the police once get the strangler in
their tolls they believe that it will be an
ea3y matter to fasten the guilt upon him.
Mrs. Fuller was taken yesterday to the
house where her daughter was murdered.
Detective Colenian was • detailed .=_ to ac
company her. Upon arriving at the place
the broken-hearted mother looked at It
steadily for a moment' and then said:
"No, my daughter was not murdered
here." : ' ?• • • ...••;
This is . one feature . of the mystery
which is a stumbling block in the way
of establishing the identity of the mur
rturer. There are any number of people
in the city who fit the description of the
man who masqueraded under the name
of John Bennett, C. B. Hawkins' and
Scott. .
Mother Visits Scene of Murder.
His disposition to cover his tracks and,
avoid police detection, which is evident
in every important step , he took before
the actual commission of the crime, Is
enough to convince the most skeptical
that the stranger never disclosed his
true name.
the day he waited In the restaurant for
Nora Fuller to meet him.
their examination of the blood for traces
of poison. They expect to do so to-day.
But from the results of their examina
tion of the stomach. and its contents they
are doubtful if any has been absorbed
into the blood; / . . . . ¦¦ .
the descriptions sent out of the man the
San Francisco police are looking tor. He
says the man had his face concealed^in
what* appeared to be a light pasteboard
mask. He acted like a. badly frightened
man, anxious to avoid contact with, every
one. He asked for food in an unnatural
voice and as soon as it was given him he
ran rapidly away, lopking bade over his
shoulder as if in fear of pursuit. He was
seen by several farmers and had evidently
come from Llvennore and was headed foi
the Sierra Nevada foothills. , Several
times when he saw people approaching
him on the road he jumped a fence and
ran through the fields.
One farmer, who was driving with his
family,' - met the supposed insane man in
the road. The fellow raised his mask and
took one look at the approaching rig and
then broke and ran across the fields. Th«j
farmer drove back home, got his saddle
horse and a gun and started out to cap
ture him. No one saw the fellow again
The man's conduct was at- the time
thought to be simply that of an insane
man, but since he disappeared the farm
ers are speculating as to whether his ac
tions were not feigned.
Market street and had gone as far »s
S. N. Wood & Co.'s store, when I met a
friend, whose name I do not remember.
Together we started to walk up Market
street. "When we got opposite Broolt^
street we accidentally ran into a man and
girl who were walking together. Before
I* could recover myself sufficiently to
apologize they had gone on. I distinctly
remember the appearance of both. I
have seen the clothing worn by Xora Ful
ler, and I am quite positive that the girl
I saw on that date wore that clothing.
As I remember her, she had a sort of
reddish hair, which was comf^ed up on
her forehead. My friend and I remarked
at the time that she was a pretty girl.
She appeared to be - between 15 and 16
years of age and Just budding Into wom
anhood. As I remember, the man who
was with her was about 5 feet 8 or 9
inches in height, weighed between 150 and
ISO pounds, had a full round stomach, a
hang dog look and an easy, straight
walk. He wore a Prince Albert double
breasted coat, turndown collar and stove
pipe. hat. I would know him If I should
see hini again. I have just seen the body
of Nora Fuller and I am quite positive
that is the body of the girl I saw with
the . man on Market street."
AIRS. ALICE MAUDE FULLER WEEPS BITTER TEARS AFTER VIEWING THE REMAINS OF HER DAUGHTER AT THE MORGUE
Continued From Page One
MYSTERY STILL SHROUDS.
"I knew that my daughter would not go
inlo an empty house alone with a strange
man." she said between her sobs. "She
was too timid. She would have stopped at
the door, and no inducement could bav«
made her go up that dark stairway. She
was too timid and would have scented
danger at once. She might have been
drugged and carried upstairs, but I think
some one would have seen her going In.
I am sure she never went in there aiive.
Then, again, and I think It will be found
to be true, she was killed somewhere
else and her body carried there in the
darkness of night, in a sack maybe. I can
think of no way else that she could have
been got into that house."
Mrs. Fuller would not listen to any
other explanation. JCo amount of reason
ing could convince her that her \ theo-y
was not correct It took considerable tin.e
to prevail upon her to leave the house, so
luli to her of tragic memories.
occupancy of the .previous tenants. None,
however, could be construed to have the
ssnghtc-st bearing on the case.
Mrs. Fuller was again subjected to a
severe strain when she reached the cham
ber of death. She moaned and sobbed
and gave way to her emotions. The scene
was fully as harrowing as that which
marked her visit to the Morgue only an
hour before. Composing herself finally as
best she could she declared her belief in
her daughter's innocence.
The house and walls were carefully
scanned, but all that could be found were
a few telephone numbers and a few
words -written in ink apparently by a
former servant who had used ;the room.
Some of the numbers were on the wall
near where the telephone hung during the
her daughter..: met her tragic
death. Mrs. Fuller said that it had. been
Nora's custom for years ta write vagrant
thought upon the walls,' particularly fa
voring corners." She thought that if her
daughter was taken there alive she would
have left some ¦written, message that
might lead to definite results.
AFTER leaving the Morgue Mrs.
Fuller was--. taken. by'-. Detectives
Riordan and Coleman.Iat her re
quest to. 2211 Gutter street, where
Believes Her Daughter
Was Taken to the
House After Death.
Mother Finds Nothing
to Temper Her
Sorrows. ,
SEARCHES
THE WALLS
FOR CLEWS
2
Wong Bon Convicted.
Wong Bon, a Chinese ex-convtct. was
convicted by a Jury in Judge "Dunne's
court yesterday on the charge. of asault
to murder, and will be sentenced Satur
day. On December 6 last he stabbed
Wong Lee in the back at 12% Waverley
place during a dispute about rent.
The fine of $300 Imposed by Customs Col
lector Stratton upon Charles .Moebua,"
owner of the gasoline steamer. Boljnas.
for navigating the vessel without it hav
ing been passed by the United States local
Inspectors of steam vessels, was remitted
yesterday by permission of the Secretary*
of the Treasury, Moebus having explained
that he had been deceived by the person
to whom he had. given the boat in charge.
Uoebus' Fine Is Remitted.
A delegation from the Mission Road Im
provement Club waited on Mayor Schmitz
yesterday to urge him to' take favorabla
action on the proposition to accept Mis
sion road, from Crescent avenue to the
county line. This course is necesgary, aa
under the laws of the municipality the city
cannot spend any money to Improve a
street unless It has been accepted. The
delgation was reinforced by a deputation
from the executive committee of the Mis
sion Federation of ImDrovement Clubs.'
The delegation consisted of W. R. Pease,
president of the Mission Road- Club; Max
Popper. A. S. Lillie, George Center, Jo
seph Fassler, W. Hulme, J. Gilfeathen
and A. Luttringer. : *
The Mayor was informed that' prelim
inary steps had been taken by the Board
of Works to repave the street, the con
tract having been awarded after, the in
vitation of bids. The city had appropri
ated the sum of $15,000, and $7500 had been,
raised among property-owners for the im
provement, $5300 of that amount belngr
now in the city treasury. The contract
price was 129,000. but the contract had to
be rescinded because the street was not
accepted.
Commissioner Casey of the Board of
Public Works favored accepting the street
in crder to go ahead with the work.' but
exacted < a promise that the Board of Su
pervisors be urged to appropriate funds
in the next, budget to pave the road on
College Hill. Mayor Schmitz also ap
proved the plan, and the Board of Super
visors will undoubtedly pass an ordinance
accepting the street. ..--.- -
Representatives of Improvement
Clubs Petition Mayor to Take
Favorable Action.
UB.GE THE ACCEPTAJICE
OP THE MISSION EOAD
Parrish Is sure that the man departed
for the Orient on January 11. He was
not in the city when the steamer sailed,
but one of his clerks, a man named Par
sons, accompanied Serebrenek to the
wharf and bade him good-by. Parrisb.
states further that the name of Nora
Fuller was never mentioned In any of
their conversations.
A few days later he returned, this time,
wearing a Derby hat. I asked him hla
name and he said after some hesitation
that It was Bennett. I asked him if ha
had seen the people I had sent him to and
he answered that he had, but did not like
the terms they offered. We talked for
some time, but came to no arrangements.
I noticed him more particularly on this
occasion. He squared his shoulders in
military style and every once in a while
would give a convulsive twist to them-.
He was about five feet eight or nine
inches and well built. I should judge he
weighed about ISO pounds.
"Subsequently I learned that he had
not been near the place I sent him to,
and I thought his actions rather strange.
About four weeks ago. when I had given
up all hope of seeing him again, he went
to the store next door. About two hours
later I saw him standing on the opposita
side of the street, some distance dowr.
I approximately fix the time, but think
It was about the end of the month of
January. I would know him again if I
saw him." •
the East and returned about one week
previous to his departure for the Orleus
cn January 11.
Parrish says that Sercbrensk w"as refln
e . a ?<J Possessed every duality -that con-"
stltute^a thorough" gentleman. He asso- :
dated with him considerably and formed
a strong friendship for him.
Parrish understood that Serebrenek had
business connections in the land acros3
the Pacific and together they often dis
cussed matters relating to mercantile af
fairs. The description of Serebrenek, aa
given by Parrish. is that of a man weigh
ing about 190 pounds, 5 feet 11 inches in
height and with a full, round, smooth,
and Jovial face. -•'.v^. - ..
AW. VANCE, a furniture dealer
at 864 Mission street, says ha
has a distinct recollection 6t
O a man closely resembling tha
- published descriptions of Ben
nett, Kawkins qr Scott, who called upon,
him several times during the early part
of January to negotiate for the purchase
of furniture sufficient to fill a house the
size of which he did not know, nor was
he able or willing to give an idea of" its
prospective location. . |
"It was early fn January," said vance.
"when the man came to me and Inquired
about a sign on the outside of the store.
He said he was thinking of furnishing a
house. The first question I asked him
was whether he had secured a house or
not. He said he had not. but had several
locations In view. He looked at some fur
niture, mainly of the. cheapest kind in
stock, and we talked about the terms. He
said he did not have much ready cash.
and I referred him to an investment com
pany In which I ana interested and which
handles Installment business.
"When the man first came to my place
he wore a dark %uit, a long dark over
coat, which might be- either gray or
black, a dark Fedora hat with' a rather
broad brim, and glasses. I was surprised
that a man of hia apparently prosperous
appearance should want such a cheap lot
of furniture. .-,.-:_..- . .
You may call it eczema, tetter or milt
crnst. .
But no matter what yon call it, this skin
disease which comes in patches that burn.
Itch, discharge a watery matter, dry and
scale, owes its existence to the presence of
humors in the system.
It will continue to, exist, annoy^, and per-
haps agonize, as ? long as these ; humors
remain.
It is always radically and permanently
cured by - ,
Hood's Sarsap.arilla
which/expels all humors, and is positively
Unequalled for aP. cutaneous eruptions. „ u ~
Salt Rheum
Laxative .; Bromo-Quinlne : ' removes- the. cays.;.
E. W. Grove's •Itnaiuro on every box. •
To. Cure; Grip in Two Days.
/tWc^&K/I////^ / I And y° u wIU find that tne Pianos we
(\ftu3JI LK 7 If/'J&' y I offer for sale are more valuable and
V \ \\ UBr^-UiS UP*^^-!^ — i I more artistic than you can find In any.
\ i B^TT 1 other wareroom, no matter how repu-
\ y^*5ii.M \ yf~. lJ^*O~-\-^— J table the other pianos are.
V //tVeS^S^^T *V — ~ 'i We sell the EVERETT, STECK,
/V-WSb JF^|^<W\ HARDMAN, PACKARD, LUDWIG
I I "^SM^ 7 /! R — \~~i \ — I —^ an< * niany other most popular makes.
I 1 I k M \ I : *-mr We handle also the CHASE &
\l H D fi \ \ rri BAKER PIANO PLAYER, conceded
\\ M 1 1 Q \ \ i t // to be vastly superior to any other
tt -H7; '"¦ B " "V l If/ player in the market. .
I ¦ (! a \ I ~" — i=> - Ul new ware rooms are now open
/i fl/P^y— --— — fk' "\ I. — - -,"$ an d we invite a careful comparison;
II fi/l-t B \ l| - . »-*. Prices popular, and terms liberal.
#= t^K "The Wiley B, Allen Co M
931-Q33 MARKET ST., Off. MASON.
NOTE— All Market street' carg stop in front of our building.PRETTY 16- YEAR-OLD . GIRL,
WHO HAS MYSTERIOUSLY
DISAPPEARED.
Ipecially since ¦ they havQ learned of the
Fuller mystery. ... ¦:
Detective Hamill — There was a stain on this
of the wall paper; I have sent the pa
per to the City Chemiet for analysis.
Deputy McCormack — There is a ladder right
outside the window and you can Btep from the
ladder into the room.
The Coroner — The door of this room was
closed when Mr. Dean came into the house.
The g-ac meter was taken away before these
'people are supposed to have come here.
Juror Davltt: Q. — Was the door of this
rocm fixed by the locksmith?
Deputy McCormack— Xo, It wa» the front
door lock that was fixed.
Juror Schlueter — I Just fouud this paper tin
der the wash basin In the lavatory between the
two front rooms.
Detective Hamill — I searched every nookj&nd
corner in the house and didn't find that paper.
I think it xnuet have been brought out here by
the policeman who was guarding the house
Gunday and yesterday; he evidently brought his
lunch with him. However. I will Investigate
the matter and see about it.
<The paper referred to bore the advertisement
of Gobey's oysters parlors. 22S Sutter street.)
Juror Boos — It looks like a fresh piece 01
paper; It does not look four weeks old.
Detective Hamill — All the newspaper report
ers went through the house with me at the
time, and I am sure that paper was not there.
*The Jury inepected the downstairs portion of
the house and also the basement.)
Thereupon the jurors went with the Coroner
to 2211 Sutter street.
Chief Deputy Coroner McCormack — The chair
•was right here {showing) and the bed was right
up here (showing); the shade hung on a string
er.d entirely covered the window.
Inspect House of Death.
The detailed report of tha proceedings
belore the Coroner as reported by ¦ The
Call's expert stenographer follow:
The Coroner — Gentlemen of the jury, you do
solemnly swear that you and each of you will
¦well and truly try the matters involved In this
Inquest, so help you God.
After cwearingr the jury ¦was escorted by the
Coroner to view the remains of the deceased.
The Jury vu then taken to the property
clerk's office of the Police Department to In
epect the clothing of the deceased and the bed
end bed clothes found at S211 Sutler street.
The Coroner — This undergarment was torn.
This Is a Ekirt and it was also torn. These
pieces of cord were thoved down a waste pipe.
This bottle was In the bathroom. This is a
• lady's handkerchief; it appears to be a new
handkerchief. There was no gas in the house
tnd no w^ter.
Juror Davit t: Q. — Were all these cords found
together?
The Coroner — Yes, they were all stuffed in
the pipe. The cord and the card from Cavan
egh'e furniture place were all found together.
This is the mattress (showing). The initials
C. B. H. were written on the mattress; they
ivere put on by the man who bought the mat
tress. The dead girl was lying a little bit on
her right side and the right leg was crossed
over the other. This bloodstain goes through
l<ut there was nothing to cause the bloodstain;
There is no blood on the blanket. There was
one pillow at the foot of the bed on top of the
clothes and she was lying on another pillow.
.All the bed clothes came from the same place.
The bedding was all second hand.
Verbatim B«port of Proceedings.
Juror Schlueter grew excited over the dis
covery of a piece of wrapping paper with
"Gobey's oyster house" printed -on it_ The
jurors crowded around and^critically ex
amined the paper. Detective HamiH po
litely suggested that the police had made
a thorough search of the house and would
not have overlooked the washstand where
the paper was found. He stated that a
policeman was placed there to guard the
house end mlgtit bare sent tor refresli—
meats. This theory Is borne out by the
fact thaX the paper was clean and un
rumpled.
Continued From Page One
CORONER IMPANELS JURY.
LIZZIE POTTER, who was stenog
rapher for Hugh Grant for eight
months, said last night that she
knew Nora Fuller and her mother
as client and daughter calling on
the attorney. Grant treated Xora as lie
¦would His own child, said Miss Potter,
and she had never known or heard of her
going out with Grant She denied ever
seeing a man by the name of Bennett at
the lawyer's office during the time she
¦was in his employ and certainly a card
bearing that name was never in her recol
lection handed her to give to Grant.
Asked if there were any cards of the
firm of Rader & Schneider in Grant's of
fice Miss Potter said she was confident
that she bad never seen one and until
recently was not aware that the nrm ba<j
offices in the same building. The question
touching this important point was asked
Hiss Potter for the reason that m Nora
Fuller's purse was found a card or Rader
¦& Schneider.
Miss Potter emphatically denied know
ing either one of the firm, though she ad
mitted her father was acquainted with
Schneider in a business way. She had a
slight acquaintance with Miss Se&right
through her visits to Grant on profes
sional business.
"Nora Fuller came quite often, said
Hiss Potter, "but Mr. Grant seldom
talked to her in private; it was nearly
alvravs in my presence, too, that he spoke
to her. He addressed her as a fond
father would address a chGd. the con
versation being on ordinary social mat
ters. I cannot say how she "became pos
sessed of the Rader & Schneider card. Her
coming to the office I always attributed
to the legal business with which her
mother was concerned. Mr. Grant always
behaved in & most gentlemanly and cour
teous manner toward me and my reason
for leaving him was with the object of
bettering my position. I left his employ
January a last."
Says He Was Always Cour
teous and Treated
Her Well.
Miss Lizzie Potter
Quits Grant's
Employ.
RESIGNS
HER PLACE
IN OFFICE
PRETTY LOUISA LINDE DISAPPEARS
AND HER PARENTS FEAR FOUL PLAY
LITTLE LIGHT ON AWFUL TRAGEDY
A dispatch was received here to-day from
Nanalmo. B. ¦ C, stating that Kauff man - • one
of the alleged murderers of ¦ Ppllceman Rob
inson of San Francisco.' had been seen to. tak/»
the steamer at Nanaimo fof 1 Vancouver. -'-The
police here > maintained a. lookout, -but-.ascer
tained that • the man suspected in Nanalmo
as being Kauff man la a tramp who has been
seen la various coast cities for several months,
« j . . ¦ ¦-..-. ...
Frank Jf Egan, a blacksmith at 2117
Mission street, has positively Identified
Wade, alias Henderson, . as one of the
three men who were j standing over -the
b £ dy i, of . R ° blnson T as he lay upon 'the
Bldwaik In front of Rogerson's shirt store
Egan was standing In the doorway of the
restaurant on Valencia street near* Six
teenth, and saw the three men rush past
him and disappear around the corner of
Sixteenth street.- Egan had a good view
of Henderson's face as he rushed past
A, dispatch from Vancouver, *B.C. un
der date of yesterday, says: ¦•' 3^.-
In his statement to the police Fowler
says the man came In In a -great hurry
and somewhat out of breath. While
Fowler was serving him the man asked
the shortest way to get to Third and
Mission streets. "
Evidence that the police have in cus
tody two of the men who were concerned
in the murder of Police Officer Robinson
on Valencia street a few weeks ago is
rapidly accumulating, i C. E. Fowler 'of
the Hotel Montgomery, 1801 and 1803 How
ard street, near Fourteenth, has posi
tively identified . James Courtney, alias
Leadville Jimmy," as a man who rushed
Into the barroom of the hotel about 1:30
or 1:45 o clock on the morning of the
Robinson murder and asked for- a drink
of .whisky. '¦ ;
WITNESSES IDENTIFY
ROBINSON'S SLAYERS
We have fought this fight '. before. It has
been a contest between a small corporation
and a great one that sought to overshadow It.
your own people were instrumental in secur
ing the passage of the law under which we are
now proceeding and which we insist shall be
followed. We have obtained the money to carry
out our plans and we demand that franchise;
we demand it under the provisions of the law
that was framed and passed ty you, gentlemen
— you who are now trying to evade a plain
provision of the law. '¦. - -•
Mark you well that the provision • is made
that the franchise goes to the next* highest
bidder — not any man who comes in here one
day with a bid of $25,000, as did the Hunting
ton people, and finds the next day the fran
chise bas become worm $100,000 more to them
When Frank J. Thomas gave the first
intimation that the money of Senator W.
A. Clark was behind the Traction Com
pany, whom Davis represented, the audi
ence broke into cheers. Said Thomas:
Thomas Warns the Council.
When the time expired this afternoon
without Murray's money having been de
posited the City Council declared his bid
entitled to no further consideration and
fell back upon Davis' next highest bid of
$139,000. Upon the advice of the City At
torney, however, bids were reopened. ¦ H.
E. Huntlngton's representative at once bid
$152,^00 and was awarded the much-desired
franchise.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. U.— Dramatic in
the extreme was the climax of the battle
between the Huntlngton-Hellman and the
Clark-Hook street railway interests to
day. Not In recent years has such, a con
test for supremacy between two rival
railroads been fought. While the mem
bers of the City Council listened unmoved
to the appeals of some of the foremost
attorneys of the city a crowd of specta
tors breathlessly heard the speeches that
brought to a close a contest that revealed
Senator Clark as a formidable rival of
the Huntington-Hellman syndicate for
supremacy in Los Angeles railway circles.
The fight arose over the granting of
franchises for street railways, for which
bids were opened yesterday. B. Murray,
the mysterious person who bid $415,000 for
the Sixth and Seventh Ward franchise,
and was given twenty-four hours in which
to deposit the money, failed to "malte
good." This leffE. A. Davis' bid of
$133,000 the next highest, and only, to-day
it was learned that Davis represented the
Clark interest.
Special Diasatch to The Call.
Senator Is Worsted in
First Skirmish in Los
Angeles.
CLARK A RIVAL
OF HUNTINGTON
Detective Coleman was detailed on the
case, but could learn nothing of tho
whereabouts of Louisa. Frank Kane of
the Society for the Suppression of Vice
and Secretary White of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children were
Howes Protests Innocence.
The circumstances of her disappearance
are most peculiar. On the afternoon of
December 11 she was engaged in making: a
doll. Intended as a Christmas present for
a little sister. Mrs. Linde was assisting
her. It was found that there was not
enough cotton in the house to stuff the
doll and the mother volunteered to go to
the store and secure- some more. She. was
absent about half an hour and on her re
turn she was unable to find the girl.
When suppertlme had passed the family
became worried and a search among rel
atives and friends was immediately insti
tuted. All efforts were futile, and early
on the following morning the police au
thorities were notified. '
649 Third street, on December 11
of last year, and no trace of her has since
been discovered. The authorities were
notified on the day following her depar
ture, but a long and careful search has
been unrewarded. Her parents and the
other members of the family have become
wildly alarmed for her safety since the
awful details of the murder* of Eleanor
Fuller have been made public. Charles
Linde, the father, who has been employed
as a carpenter by the Southern Pacific
Company for fourteen years, .states that
he can guess no reason why his . child
should leave home.
LOUISA LINDE. an exceptionally
pretty 16-year-old girl, is among
the missing. She disappeared
mysteriously from her home at
Supplementing Thomas', declaration was
the appearance of the Clark money. • The
coin, amounting to 5139,000, was piled high
on the clerk's desk.
To-day's contest embraced In all three
electric street railway f ranchlses\ which
the Council had put up for sale to the
highest bidder on Monday at the instance
of the Huntlngton-Hellman syndicate.
They were considered of especial value
owing to the insertion of a clause per
mitting the hauling of freight cars over
the proposed. routes. When the bids were
opened yesterday It was found that the
Huntington-Hellman syndicate had bid
only 125,000 for the two franchises that
were of real value, the third being a short
connecting link between two existing
lines. To-day, when the Council permit
ted the Huntlngton-Hellman people to
put in another bid, 10 per cent higher than
'I 1 *** °V S. av %« the . " ght hinged on the
right of the Council to accept new bids.
That body, finally decided it had the right
to do so. The Clark-Hook combine, rep
resenting the Traction Company, will now
carry the case into the courts.
Gold Coin Stacked on Desk.
Cheers greeted this announcement.
Then, without the least hesitation, Thom
as told the Council almost in so many
words that the plan to grant the fran
chise to Huntington would be resisted in
the courts.
— but to. the people who have put up S139 000
There are Interests behind this bid as large as
Mr. Huntinijton's— at least we have the money
We demand the franchise.
Because of not hearing from her after
the lapse of so long a time her parents
fear that she has met with foul play es-
She is said to have been unusually fond
of home life, and of an affectionate dispo
sition.
Whether she left of her own volition or
not is unknown. She took none of her
wearing apparel, save what she had on,
or other of her possessions when she dis
appeared. She Is described as being slen
der and rather below the average height
for girls of her age. Her hair and com
plexion are light. She wore a sailor hat
trimmed with black chiffon, and a black
silk dress.
The mother says that tne girl was al
ways well-behaved and obedient. She
never left the house in the evening unac
companied by some member of the family,
and with the exception of Mrs. Wilson
and Howes her acquaintances were peo
ple of good character,' her mother de
clares. She had never once intimated that
she was- discontented or contemplated
leaving home.
Parents Pear Foul Play.
There are no definite clews, however,
and the reasons for Louisa's sudden de
parture are merely matters of speculation.
also informed of the '¦ matter and made
diligent, but fruitless, investigations.
Mrs. Linde states that her child may
have been lured . away by Fred Howes:
an employe on a boat running between
this.city and Seattle. It is said that the
&irl liked him, but that the father forbade
him" the house by reason of his alleged
bad reputation. The two young people
met secretly, . however, at every oppor
tunity. Howes was charged with en
ticing the girl away by her brother, but
he denies all knowledge of the matter.
¦It Is stated that he Introduced Louisa
to a female' acquaintance called Mrs. Wil
son, who was an Inmate of a disreputable
house, and who has since left the city. The
parents of the lost child are of the opin
ion that she may have gone somewhere
•with tbis woman, "not knowing what -was
in store for her.
Young Girl Leaves Her Home in Decem
ber and Has Not Been Seen Since.
VIENNA; : Feb. - 11.— The " representatives of
the various, committees appointed byjthe Min
ister < of ; Commerce to consider the 'best means
of t meeting I competition J will be : handed • in to
morrow. ¦:. ':_ _ „ __
¦' For , lame -'or sole . muscles . nothing: ' can -¦ com
pare with "; It ; .while for .sprains and bruises "its
curative and soothing effects are really magical."
It? cures .piles:-,; Price/ 25b -and 50c,\at' drusr
xlsts or by mail. Salva-cea. 274 Canal it7N. XV
Athletes Use Salva-cea.
V, LONDON, f, Feb. ;-i 12.— The Marquis . of
Dufferin,"- former^ Governor General ;¦¦¦ of
Canada' and fex-Vleeroy- of India, is dead.
The - Marquis was i Injured * several : weeks
ago % by '. being . thrown from a horse, ; and
for ' some ¦ days .;• his ; death . had ' been ex
pected.' He was born June 21, 1S26. - •
and ¦; Viceroy of . Egypt.
rdrmer • Governor General of Canada
MARQUIS >; OF DUPFEBIN";
WASHINGTON,- Feb. 11.— When th© Su
preme, Court of the United States recon
venes on the 24th' inst. a stipulation : will
be ' filed for \ the dismissal of the case of
Mrs.' Cordelia Botkin versus the State of
California, and" doubtless the court, act
ing in accordance with unvarying prece
dent, will grant the motion. ¦
The plaintiff in tills case was in 1898
tried for murder In San Francisco on the
charge of murdering Mrs. J.- P. Dunning
. by sending, her a box of poisoned i candy.
She was found « guilty - and sentenced to
life Imprisonment. The case comes to. the
United States Supreme Court on a writ of
error to the Superior Court of San Fran
cisco on " a habeas corpus proceeding In
Mrs. Botkln's behalf. vThe appeal was at
tacked by . the | State of California on the
ground that the Supreme Court is without
Jurisdiction, and a - motion . has been- filed
with the court by. the State to dismiss the
case for. this and. other reasons.
The court is now in recess and will. not
convene until the 24th. At that time Rep
resentative Coombs of California will ap
pear for 'Mrs. Botkin's counsel. and con
sent by stipulation on her behalf that the
case shall be dismissed, in order that pro
ceedings for. a new trial may. be Instituted
In California. \ > : ' ¦ •}^.?>:s: -
New Trial in This
¦ State. *
Way Is Likely to Be Opened for
JUSTICES "WTLL SOOIT,
DECIDE * THE BOTEXN* CASE
Criss and' John Ho well gave tes
timony-In contradiction to that given by
Lafe' Harris,', a: witness If or. the ? prosecu
tion. .--':-~-y- ¦•¦¦:,¦-¦ ;:¦"- .¦;-¦•¦.. t ; - : ....... .¦
Richard v Nichols-, was on:. the stand, a
greater ; part of the afternoon, f. The prin
cipal ' fact i testified to by ; him was: that he
heard -shots fired *.on \ the night of- the
lynching, but made no attempt to investi
gate, remaining in. bed until -'4 ? o'clock
At ; that ! hour Brown, the defendant " who
had- been 'acting as guardat-the hotel
awoke him,- : telling I him that • "the"' men
have : all been hanged." Nichols dressed
and .went r to - the bridge • to view the
bodies.- * :•¦:-"•¦>; , ¦¦ :' ¦' : •' .- -•-../.- .¦c.: ;^.-,^ :' ir ¦
During * his examination ¦ ; of , witnesses
this afternoon John E. Raker persisted In
asking, leading questions, and during
cross-examinations by Assistant Attorney
General Post, for ; the prosecution; Raker
made many objections, usually attempt-
Ing to add a speech to each. Judge Har
rington would not countenance Raker's
manner of making objections and cut him
off summarily. Then , Cal ¦ Raker got into
trouble, by making, a vehement protest
Judge Harrington declared a recess and
had- commitments prepared' ordering the
Sheriff to take charge of the Raker broth
ers from the time of the adjournment of
court at 6 ; o'clock until - 10 : o'clock to
night. Both men protested vigorously, and
were threatened with: Imprisonment until
10 o'clock « to-morrow ; ,' morning. Judge
Harrington declared himself to the effect
that -in future he would conduct the case
on more rield lines." . ; . . r r . "
Judge Harrington, after his brief ill
ness, made his appearance in court to
day apparently determined not to listen
to arguments of any kind- on questions
already ruled upon. - He, cut John E. Ra
ker off shortly on several occasions, ' es
pecially when \ the j defense : attempted to
introduce the evidence of Richard Nich
ols given before the Grand Jury. ¦ "*
ALTURAS, Feb. 11.— John E. Raker and
his brother, Cal Raker, spent part of to
night in i jail f or^ contempt of court and
for refusing to obey the rulings of/Judge
Harrington in I the Lookout lynching case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Judge Harrington (Cele
brates His Recovery
From Illness. ¦
BOTH RAKERS
GO TO PRISON
Judge Gear, the presiding Judge ~of the
term, ordered the Immediate trial of pris
oners formerly convicted by methods he
held some months ago to have been ille
gal, arid since Indicted for the same of
fenses by a Grand Jury. The Attorney
General Is prosecuting the men under the
new indictments and at the same time is
holding that the old convictions are valid.
This question wil come up in the United
States Supreme Court next April. '
Gear originally released the prisoners
because they had been tried without
Grand Jury - indictments and convicted
without unanimous jury verdicts after
the annexation. Attorney General Dole,
holding that United Statfes laws regard
ing such matters did not extend to Ha
waii by virtue of the resolution by which
the islands were annexed, nor. until the
Hawaiian Territorial act took effect, took
an appeal; though Gear, denied the prose
cution's right of appeal in such cases.
The Supreme Court of the Territory sus
tained the Attorney General, but "United
States District Judge Estee rendered a
decision on habeas corpus according with
thatof Gear.' -
Since Kstee's- decision Judge Gear has
held to his view as therein , indorsed in
spite of the Territorial ; Supreme Court's
decision the other way. He declines to
recognize the old trials as valid. _ The At
torney General's department presented
the cases over again to a Grand Jury and
had new indictments brought, and the
cases came .up for trial again -this term.
Attorney General Dole had appealed one
of tho cases, that of Osaki Mankichi,
charged with murder, to the United States
Supreme Court, and he asked that all the
cases bo postponed untir that one is de
cided. The attorneys -for the defendants
demanded immediate i trials under the in
dictments, and Gear refused the continu
ances "asked for by the prosecution. Dole
asked the TerltorlaT Supreme Court foV
an injunction to stop Gear from hearing
the first case, which had been begun, but
.the Supreme Justices refused to issue an
Injunction. . _ . .-; •
HONOLULU, H.'T., Feb. 5.— The opening
of the February term of the First Circuit
Court developed at once a- new and more
acute phase of the clash between the Cir
cuit ..Court, judiciary : and-, the Attorney
General's department over the matter of
the transition period in criminal cases.
Judge in Ha"waii; and
'Attorney General ; ;
Disagree. I';
COURT CLASHES
WITH OFFICIAL
r - "About three or. : four '*• weeks § ago my
barkeeper, 2 Ernest v Woodcock,^ called me
oufv of .* the saloon -and told--me "to / look
across the street ; at*a man , who ¦ was sky-
i larking: with' a girl./. I recognized the man
as Attorney Hugh Grant.'/. He was walk
ing J .up. and; down' with ..the' girl -from the
corner to- a Chinese store. 'The girl-acted
as .If s.she wanted .something In the-, win
dow of, the store. ¦ I told Woodcock that
the man: was Attorney GraritrVWoodcock
said something about . him "acting,- in j such
a : peculiar : way. with, a young, girl and I
said it;mlght«be his. daughter.;:.- 1 1 'did-not
know at the time that Grant had a daugh
ter. ;< Woodcock \ and I; have' talked over,
the; matter .'since 'the murder of Nora Ful
ler; r. and .-we. have •! remembered . that - the
©irl'.^we saw; with' Grant wore a cap and
a caper » I , have seen .the cap and capo
worn by 'Nora Fuller, > but I^cannot say
that'. they" are the'ones worn by the girl
I saw with - Grant. I i only remember I that
the. girl* wore a cap and cape. The girl I
saw -with - Grant - was quite a large girl,
about 14 years old, and wore a skirt about
half>way. to, her: ankles! I think it was
about' 4 o'clock, in the afternoon when
we saw Grant with the- girl.; It may have
been on a Sunday, but I cannot" say. as
i to that:.- I. will, talk 'the matter over -with
Woodcock- and see If we can fix the. date
definitely." W?M\ - '
\ Je& HARLES LONG, "proprietor of a
,7- jlT,.- saloon; at 41 Turk^ street, 5 made
i%^',\/-- ! - a statement to the. police yea ter-
day .which :is considered to be of
. '. . the greatest importance. ' Long
sald:^';v ' ¦".-:¦.>:/ * t .. -.¦£'¦< ..''' . -'•']¦. :¦.. ¦-:>¦'
Charles Long Reports Cir
cumstance: to Police
Grant^Seen on Street
> With a Young
V i; V ;: blN.
THOUGHT
HIS ACTIONS
PECULIAR
HONGKONG, Feb. 11. — According to report*
received here between 400 and 500 booths in tha
western ' suburb of Canton have been burned.
No loss of life has been reported.
After the wedding the bridal party and
relatives of Dr." and Mrs. Pond assembled
at the, home of the bride's aunt, 'Mrs. K.
S.'Yeamans, : at 2038 Baker street," for. the
usual wedding festivities. - • ..¦'¦ ..:¦¦:
v. The bride was attired in " an exquisite
white bridal robe with-a tulle veil. She
carried a : shower bouquet ; of lilies of the
valley. gs?Sgtjglfl*'»Mffi8p*SWBa[ .
• Miss "Painter, -'maid > of- honor, .wore a
dainty gown ; of pale green.
"-: Each bridesmaid wore a different shade
of pink and carried a' shower: bouquet of
maidenhair ferns.
Miss Phoebe Painter and Dr. Gardner
Perry Pond were made husband and wife
last evening at the - First Congregational
Church In the presence of several hun
dred ,. friends at a very pretty wedding.*
The~ impressive ceremony was performed
by. Rev/ Dr. Adams, assisted by the
groom's father, Rev. Willfam C. Pond., VI
Miss Lizzie Painter, - a sister of the
bride, was maid of honor." The brides
maids were Miss Georgfe Spleker, Miss
Marie" Bull," Miss Alice Wllklns, Miss
Lillian Sandman, Miss Azalia Keyes* and
Miss '•> Paula Wolff. ,. James Pond, the
groom's ; brother, was best man, assisted
by - Harold Ebright.- . The ushers were
Dr. David F. Painter, Lawrence Fallins
bee. Dr. W. G. Moore, Frank
Dr. Moulton and Benjamin Blake well.
Pond-Painter Wedding.
? The woman gave the nam©of Mrs. P.
B. Doddridge and said that she was also
known as Helen : Stockwell. She declare^
that she had recently arrived : from the
ICast and was 'stopping with friends at 8G
Central avenue. ' /
A stylishly dressed young woman
walked into the aurf^at the ocean beach,
near Seal Rock House 1 about 9 o'clock last
night. Fred Kroger, a young man living
In the neighborhood, saw the woman in
the water and with the help of his broth-*
er who was near at hand, rushed Into thti
surf and dragged her to the beach. Th»*
weman, who was under the Influence 0$
liquor, laughingly asked her rescuers tq
desist and said that they had spoiled lies?
fun.
The men took her to the Seal Rocl«
House and notified the Central Emergent
cy Hospital. An ambulance was dls<*
patched to the beach and the woman was
brought in for, treatment. . ' . •. . {
At the hospital she treated the affair aa
a joke, and said that she had enjoyed her
escapade. When asked , for a reason foo
her act she declared that it was her way;
of having a little fun.
dulges in a Strange Night
Escapade.
Stylishly Dressed Youngf Woman In-
PLXTNGES INTO STJBF
WITH HER CLOTHES ON 1
There was an Immense crowd at Mo>
chanics' Pavilion last night to witness
the Turn Vereln exhibition of physical
training. Professor Hans Goetz's pupils
did themselves great credit and were very
heartily applauded by the audience.
The ballet, "A Storm Among the Floww
ers," continues to be the piece de resist
ance of the carnival. The hundred or so
little tots who take part in It have lost
all of their stage fright, and the allegon*
cal dance, with Its electrical accompani*
ment, goes quite smoothly now.
During the afternoon a hundred naval
apprentices from Goat Island had tha
free run of the pavilion and seemed to en
joy themselves thoroughly.
To-day is to be Columbia Park Club
day, when there will be a competitive*
drill by three of the companies for a sil
ver cup offered by the management.
To-morrow there will De a baby shewf
In carriages.
Flower Ballet Participated in by Chil
dren Warrfily Applauded and
Is a Great Feature. "
TURN VEBJjBIN. EXHIBITION
DRAWS LARGE ATTENDANCE
Oregon — Original — Lev! J. Shaner, Hard
man, ?6. Increase— Albert K. Old, Port
land, $6. .
Washington — Original — Albert Henry.
Spokane, $10; Edward T. McClanahan,
Paloase, $6; David G. Leesourd, Tacoma,
$8; Mary A. Vansickle, Blaine, $8.
The following patents were issued to
day: California— Matthias Bohnert, San
Francisco, horse clipper; Richard H.
Hannah, Ontario, assignor one-half to J.
Hannah, San Pedro, wave motor: John
Hoey, San Francisco, wire mattress
stretcher; Ole Oversen, East Berkeley,
hose coupling clamp; Robert W. Jessup,
assignor to spiral - belt^ separator, San
Francisco, separator (2) ; "William E. Slat
thews, Ferndale, curtain fixture; Oscar
Newhouse, San Francisco, means for pre
serving and rendering *sharp cutting
edges, etc.; Amos O. Patenaude, Korbel.
C. J. Anderson, Eureka, and J. A.' An
derson, Falk, saw straightening and ten
¦ionlng hammer; Robert Rodgers (de
ceased), G. « A. Grltton (administrator).
Volcano, chair; Andrew C. Smith, Los
Angeles, combined set square and bevel;
Henricus W. Westlake. Los Angeles, vag
inal irrigator. -„¦¦_"• ¦¦„ ,- •
Oregon— James W. Seavy,, Eugene, hop
drying box.
Washington— William D. C. Spike and
J. - T.. Jones, Tacoma, roasting, smelting
and -matting furnace; Henry G. Taylor,
Seattle, thill tug. -
Army orders announce that Contract
Surgeon Frank D. Pease, now at Los An
geles, will . go to Fort McKenzie, Wyo
ming, relieving Frederick A. Hodson, who
will ¦ proceed to San Francisco and the
Philippines for duty. "
Appointed — California — R. TV. Dirk,
Goldrun, Placer County, vice Gertrude
Hall, resigned; T. S. Preston, Hawkins
bar, Trinity County, vice Stephen Com
ing, resigned; H.- F. Wheaton, Palm
Springs, Riverside County, vice H. F.
McCailum, deceased.
Oregon— J. S. Liewis, Hamilton, Grant
County, vice* Maud Morris, resigned; Flo
rian Fuchs, Terry, Multnoman County,
vice G. W. Kenney, resigned.
These pensions' were granted: Califor
nia—Increase—Bdwin J. Trobridge, Sol
diers' Home, j/os Angeles, $8; Frank A.
Bettls, San Branqlsco, $8; Jacob Reynor-
Bon, Soldiers' Home, Ix>s Angeles, $12.
Mexican War— Franklin Dufour, Los An
geles, $12; John Reinhart, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $12. Amon McLane, San
Andreas, $12; William V. Benson, Graf
ton, S12. •
Postofflce discontinued, February 28—
Oregon — Altamont, Klamath County; mall
to Klamath Falls. Postmasters commis
sioned— Calif ornia— Susan L. Drake, Co
lusa.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the fol
lowing:
and Pensions and Patents
Granted.
Changes Made in. the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP TH K PACXFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— The report of
the board of high ranking army offlcer3,
headed by Lieutenant General Miles,
which considered the question of army*
posts, was made public at the War De-«
partment to-day. The board recommend^
the establishment of the f ollowlng newi
posts: One for a regiment of infantry in
the vicinity of Los Angeles, CaL; one fo?
a regiment of cavalry on the camp site on
the Nacimiento ranch; one for a regiment
of infantry In the vicinKy of Albuquerque?,
N. M.; one for a regiment of infantry a.
Governors Island, New York harbor; on*
for a regiment of infantry in the vicinity
of Washington, D. C, north of the Poto
mac River; one for a battalion of infantrr
in the Red River Valley In the vicinity of
Crookston; one for a regiment of infantry,
on the camp site in the Conowago Valley,
Pennsylvania, when practicable.
The sites recommended for the four perv.
manent camps are: One in the vicinity of*
Chlckamauga Park, Georgia; one at Fort
Riley, Kansas; on in the Conowago Val
ley, in Lebanon, Dauphin and Lancaster
counties, Pennsylvania; one on the Nad
miento ranch, in Monterey and San Lula
Obispo counties, California. ( The board
recommends that the necessary survey*
be made of the Nacimiento ranch and th«
Conowago Valley.
Obispo Counties Selected by
Army Men.
TROOPS WILL ENCAMP
AT NACrMXEUTTO EAUCH
Tract In Monterey and San Luis
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; FEBRUARY 12, 1902.
3
\sjgl' THE PURE \^r
GRAIN COFFEE
Grain-O is cot a stimulant, like
coffee. It is a tonic and its effects
are permanent.
A successful substitute for coffee,
because it has the coffee flavor that
everybody likes.
Lots of coffee substitutes in the
nzrk'ic. but only oac food drink —
Grab-O.
Ail {rrorcre ; 1 5c. and 25c
AD CTERTISEMENTS.
: • : *T. F, McHUGH, ESQ . t .,
Tacoma, Wash., Nov. 29, IDOL
DR. KILMER & CO., Binghamton, N. Y.
Gentlemen: It gives -me great pleasure to add my testimonial to that of hun-
dreds of others regarding the wonderful curative properties of Swamp- Root. I
had a lame ¦ back . three years ago before leaving North Dakota for the coast.
Soon after my arrival \ in the Puget Sound country it became very much worse.
I felt certain that the) coast climate had given me acute rheumatism and came
to the conclusion that (I could not live In this climate* Later I became convinced ',
that -what I really had was kidney tronble, and that the rheumatism was due to
my kidney trouble. The lameness in my back increased rapidly and I had other
symptoms which ' indicated that I would soon be prostrated unless I obtained
relief, quickly. Noticing your offer of a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, free, I
had a friend write for one and began taking it Immediately. Within three weeks
the lameness In my back began to disappear. During that fall and winter
I • took .' three one-dollar bottles of Swamp-Root, with the result that I be-
came completely cured- I no longer have pains in my hack and can exercise
violently without feeling any bad effects. I have recommended Swamp-Root to
several of my acquaintances who were similarly affected and without exception
they have been greatly , benefited by its use.
.. - . ' . Yours very truly.
' Lame back is only one symptom of kidney trouble — one of many — «»nd la Na-
ture's timely warning to show you that the track of health is not clear.
If these danger signals are unheeded, more serious results are sure to follow;
Bright's Disease, which is the worst form of kidney trouble, may steal upon you.
The great'kidney remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, i3 used in the leading
hospitals, recommended by physicians In their private practice, and Is taken by
doctors themselves who have kidney ailments, because they recognize in it tha
, greatest and most successful remedy for kidney, liver and bladder troubles.
EDITORIAL NOTE— Swamp-Root has been tested in so many ways and has
.proven so successfulin every case that a special arrangement has been made
by which all readers. of The Call who have not already tried it may have a sam-
ple bottle sent absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about Swamp-
Root and containing many of > the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters -.. received from men and women -who owe their good health, in fact their verv
-lives, to the wonderful curative. properties of Swamp-Root. In writing, be sure
• and mention reading -this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call when
sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
If you are. already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar _ size " bottles -at the. drug stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, BinRhamton, N. Y.
Root, Wil fbo for YOU, Every Reader of The Call
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-
CUREI> BY SWAMP-ROOT.
KIDNEY TROUBLE, LAME
DB. .KILMER'S, SWAMP-ROOT.
QUtGKRSUEF, SURZREL[Ef\
BROWN'S BronemalTrochesi
For Coughs and Golds. 1
Feo Simile JOt S /? */ onrrrrr 8
Signature of S&ueSSJt^^fa, gf^*" 7 IContinued on Page Five.
DIES SUDDENLY.-WllUam Forrest, a rig-
Ber. 55 years old. died suddenly . yesterday la
Coleman's saloon, 213 Sixth street. of
hemorrhage of the lungs. Forrest was unmar
ried and roomed in the Ltndell House on Slxtft
street. He had been ,ic* for several week*.
:• FLYN'N .SUES . FOR DAMAGES^-JohW
Frynn. a warehouseman, who was injured by
falling from a Mission-street car last Novem
ber, flled^ a • suit , for $25,282 80 • damages
against the Market Street Railway Company
yesterday. . . < .
We are selling agents for the ""*?•*£ r
man. Ideal Fountain Pen3." $2 S3 to $10
fh£\<52 d ti Ol £ asen * s *°r the "Xfershall."
q««w£ # .FW 1111 Pen 'n **'ae world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
The Best Fountain Pens.
Mayor, Schmitz has referred the com
plaint ; to the ; Board of Education for Jh
vestigation., The / ; complaint/^ made by
Thompson'., was > sworn to '"; -before H. i HV
StlLeger, Deputy County Clerk. The com
plaint follows: •• ?.:. ¦ ' ' •" \ -.
-'' That, said Frank 'P. Morton ae i such prin
cipal since March • 15,- 1000, to July 20, 1001,
;.¦¦: .; •;•¦ '•":'¦•.¦;' ' : .'.-•• - ¦
.WaHer, J. ;Thomp8on, former janitor of
the Lowell High School, filed a communi
cation; yesterday "with Mayor. Schmltz
charging Frank P. Morton, principal :of
the ; same school, with willful \ neglect of
duty,", incompeteney > and "official miscon
duct, and asking his suspension and -i re
moval. .'¦.¦¦. ¦.',•.". \. .¦:. :¦ .- '¦' .- . ' ¦•"- :¦:.; -..
\ The Evening Post, the San Francisco
wrgan of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. Is about to change hands. Ne-'
f otiatlons for its sale for the round sum
qt 1109,000 have been going on quietly
for several days past, and it is now an
nounced that the transfer of the paner
Is certain. *
Some time ago the Harrimans issued or
ders to W. H. Mills and \V. F. Herrin to
dispose of the Post as soon as a pur
chaser could be found. The demand was
emphasized with the curt statement that
the new management of the railway or
ganization was in the exclusive business
•it running a railway, and that an expen
sive organ would no longer be tolerated
Negotiations for the sale of the news-
Janitor \ A.sks Mayor to
Remove Principal
P. P. Morton.
Plant of the Railroad
I Organ is Finally Sold
lor $100,000. \
FILES CHARGES
AGAINST TUTOR
That said Frank P. Morton often disregarded
requisitions for supplies for the cleaning of the
school building and . that remedying damages
resulting from the causes hereinbefore alleged,
and In response to' said request often assigned
as his reason . of refusing to grant the same
that the less he should do toward making re
pairs the sooner he would get . a new I school
house. By reason of hla refusal to furnish the
undersigned, although often requested so to do,
with the key. to hi* private office in said school
building during the times that said complain
ant was acting as a janitor of said school, the
complainant- was obliged ¦ to obtain - access to
said private office •through the windows from
the adjoining rooms. . That on the occasion of
his attempting to get into ( said : private office
for the purpose of, cleaning the same he slipped
•-• -../- ; >-.*'¦'- . *.»;•! '.... . . .. : :\v .
Janitor Thompson Injured.
. That on numerous occasions the pupils of
said school were permitted to scatter, peanut
shells, banana peels and apples cores upon the
floors of the classrooms to such an extent as to
render them very untidy, all of which said
Frank P. Morton failed to take any action to
correct the same or to prevent their repetition
That the acts and conduct of these boys was
brought to the knowledge of Mr. Morton, who
failed to take any notice thereof and correct
the same or to cause a discontinuance of said
breaches of discipline and. improper acts..'
times the boys disrobed in said dressing-room
In the school building and would then go out
into the school yard in a nude - condition and
took showers, and used the drinking trough
as a bath tub. and would afterward run up
and down the yard In plain view of the oc
cupants of the adjoining dwelling houses. That
upon their return to said room said boys in
dulged in smoking cigars and tobacco, engaged
In loud and boisterous language and disorderly
conduct, frequently destroying and breaking
desks ¦ and seats and otherwise injuring tb3
furniture of said classroom. '
and fell a distance of thirty feet, falling on ,
! the stairway of said building, thereby sustain
ing several bodily injuries, thereby , fracturing
the bones • In the shoulder and the right leg
and -foot -of said complainant, -also severely
lacerating his head and scalp.
That on frequent occasions within the knowl
edge of the undersiitiied that the pupils in said
school were Dermitted after class hours to re
main in and about the school premises and
yard and to utilize the same for enjoying In
games, particularly handball, and in" other
petty gambling games. .
That the participants in said - games would
often fight and violently wrangle over the di
vision of the winnings of said games all of
said facts being brought to the attention
of said Frank P. Morton, who took no notice
thereof. - " ' .*."• •
Wherefore the undersigned charges the fore
going allegations to be violations of the char
ter provisions affectine the conduct and main
tendance of discisllne by school teachers and
the rules affecting principals and school teach
ers prescribed by the School Department and
!? M°£L£ a ?n e >,f Or ~HV;. retnoval of saW Frank
P. Morton In his position as such rjrinelDai of
the Lowell High School, as aforesaid P
W. J. THOMPSON.
'n Pupils ,Were Disorderly." :
-That during the month of June. 1000, certain
pupils, of the Lowell High" School, who were
members of the f •otball team of said . school
used one of, the classrooms as a dressing-room
on : occasions Ithat's they exercised In preparing
for;football matches. That during all of said
That during the month of February, lOdl,
by. reason of the lax discipline permitted to ex
ist, by said Frank P. Morton, in said Lowell
High School, a number . of the members of
Mr.; Smith's class, the drawing teacher In said
school; congregated on the street : eutslde of
said; school and hooted and yelled anrl threat
ened said I Smith, who was obliged to remain
in. the ; school building until 6:30 p. m. of said
day. ;,¦, This occurrence was reported to Mr
Morton in person, who paid no attention to the
same and caused no action to be taken thereto
That subsequently, thereto the windows of the
school building, have been broken by members
of'the school.^ That the personal attention of
said ¦'. Frank - P. . Morton - was • directed to 1 1 the
boys who I caused . such ¦ damage, • but- he failed
to take f any notice thereof, • or any action, to
prevent a reoccurrence of the same
to the personal knowledge of the undersigned,
has failed to perform the duties of such prin
cipal, and to maintain* proper discipline in said
Lowell High School, as the head teacher and
instructor thereof. In the manner and at the
times hereafter specified. ". ,:¦, j ¦-.''.. ¦ ¦¦
i During the times mentioned . said Frank P.
Morton has .failed to , maintain necessary dis
cipline in the control and management of the
pupils of said Lowell High School; that on vari
ous occasions he has permitted pupils - to de
face and damage the walls of the school build
ing by marking | and writing Improper words
with 'chalk on the blackboards and asphaltum
on the walls. That numerous complaints were
, reported to eald Frank P. Morton. | who paid
no attention thereto, thereby causing frequent
repetitions of Bald acts of mutilation as afore
said. . i ••:..•;.' . ,
Continued on Page Five.
EVENIHG POST
FINDS A BUYER
' Shortly after 10 o'clock the herald pro
claimed the presence of the King and his
Lord of Misrule Issues Orders
to His Subjects to Make
Merrg.
KING CARNIVAL
: HOLDS HIS SWAY
List ofThoseWho Male MerrB
at tjie Annual Carnival
Affair. /
The "annual Mardi . Gras ball was as
usual a social . event. ; Members of the
smart sfit thronged the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Artand made merry as subjects
of the Lord' of Misrule. l They entered
Myrtle Lleb, John Carrlgan, Dr. Charetrlan,
George Newhall, Major S. W. Ruthers, Frank
D. Stringham, Thomas A. Drlscoll, Miss E. Mc-
Ewen, E. A." Bruguiere, Allen Wallace, E. A.
Preston, Mrs.E. F." Preston, Miss Edith Pres
ton, S. , B. McNear, ¦ Mrs. 8. . B. McNear, - Miss
McNear, Miss . Church. Noble H. Eaton, John
D. , Spreckels, Mrs. J.. D. SprecKels, 'J. D.
Spreckels Jr., Miss Grace Spreckels, Miss Lilly
Spreckels, General S. Ives. Mrs. General Ives,
Miss Isabel Lathrop, Mrs. Austin Tubbs,
Mrs. Virgil Williams.-Mr. and Mrs. G. Cade
naseo, Clarence T. Wendell, Elmer Simmons,
Burbank G. Somers, Dr. H. P. Carlton. Wil
liam P. Nellson, Charles J. Dickman.- Alfred
J. MeKlnnon. . Lieutenant Conrad Babcock, U.
S. A. : Paymaster i Gray Skipwith, U. S. N. :
Orrin Peck, C. C. Judson. Milton Latham,
Percy ,L. King, Latham McMullin, Willard
Drown, R. McKee Duperu, Harry N. Stetson,
John M. Platt, E. D. Peixotto, G. L. Rath
bone,' Fnsign S. R. Miller, Dr. C. C. Collins,
U. S.A.: C..H. Lamberton, Mrs. T.G. Rob
erts, Howard P. Veeder, Gerald -Benton. Par
ker Whitney, Clinton E.Worden. Mrs. C. E.
Worden, Mrs. A. N. Towne, Mrs. Berton Stev
ens, Harold W. Crowell, ' Leon Bocqueraz,
Roger Bocqueraz, Mrs. A. Bocaueraz, Miss
Jeanne Boccueraz, Major John A. Hull, Miss
Redmon, Miss Louisa Hofiacker, John Siebe.
Byron Mauzy, Mrs. Byron Mauzy, Miss Flor
ence Schroth, E. S. Heller. Mrs. E. S. Heller,
H. A. Kennedy. Miss Alma Slvlrlng, G. L.
North. Mrs. Elizabeth J. Granniss, Henry Wag
ner, J. Downey Harvey, Mrs. J. Downey Har
vey. John M. Lewis, Mrs. H. C. Watson, Miss
Julia L Blanehard. - :
into the carnival spirit with gusto and for
got for the time being the rigid rules of
society. Debutantes of this and former
seasons appeared in costume and had
their swains guessing who they were. At
midnight when masks were thrown aside
surprises were many. .
The list of guests is as follows: .
It has developed that the only hitch to
the negotiations earlier was Herrin him
self, who sought to conclude a bargain
with Barham by~ which he was to have a.
string upon the paper. He insisted upon
certain conditions. relative to the editorial
policy of the Post, which Barham refused
to agree to without first consulting with
his associates in the deal. The wires were
hot with telegrams for a time, the result
being that the prospective- owners de
clined absolutely, to enter upon an ar
rangement by which Herrin or the South-
A week or two ago, however, former
Police Commissioner Guy C. Bar
ham, a prominent citizen and pol
itician of- Los Angeles, quietly
slipped into the city with a power
of attorney In his pocket to represent os
tensibly a syndicate of Eastern- and
Southern capitalists but in fact the
bcrlpps-McRae newspaper people in ' the
purchase of the Post plant. Barham
called upon Mills and Herrin and many
conferences resulted. Offers were made
and rejected by both parties to the trans
action, but finally an agreement was
reached by which the transfer of the
property will be finally consummated
within the next week or two. • ¦
paper property were promptly entered
15K9 wlth varlou s Individuals by Messrs.
Mills and Herrin, and for a time rumors
were in circulation th»t a syndicate was
about to purchase it In the interests of
Governor Gage. The fact was that no
purchaser could be secured at the price
asked by the representatives of the
Southern Pacific for the newspaper plant,
and the Harrimans chafed under the
strain.
PRINCE CARNIVAL.
My fair and merry subjects, hear me sing,
it et endeavor to look pleased, for I'm your King,
Prince of the Carnival and Lord of all Misrule,
* HERALD..
I am tbe Herald who thus appears.
Give heed! Give heed! Give heed!
Else these proceedings can't proceed.
Leave noise and to sweet silence cling
For Just a minute, and give the King
A chance to nay his little say
And lack of wisdom to display
To your admiring ears.
Immediately behind were, the huhiblo
subjects of King Carnival. As the long
procession wended its. way through -tho
spacious hall the occupants of the boxes
showered confetti on the favored and were
deluged In turn. .
The King and Queen took their seats en
the throne and the herald was instructed
to blow a signal, the Deglnning of cere
monies. The following programme was
then carried out: • - .
Following the band came the King and
Queen. Mr. and Mrs. G. Cadenasso. Then
came the herald, Algernon S: Aspla'nd.
After him came the jester, Alfred J: Mc-
Kinnon, and then the members of the
court, Messrs. Burbank Somers. Clarence
T. Wendell, Elmer E. Simmons, Dr. H. P.
Carlton, William P. Nielson, Charles J.
Dickman. Wallace I. Sabin, C. H.-Lam
berton. William Klink, William Knowlea
and Edwin M. Moore. •¦• . ,
consort and a hush fell over the assem
blage, only to give way to revelry as x.hc
gentlemen and ladies of the court took up
their stations In the procession. A brass
band headed the brilliant gathering as it
wended its way to the thrope room.
SOCIETY GRACES
MARDI GRAS BALL
At 11 o'clock the guests sat down to a
sumptuous supper, served in the immense
dining hall of the mansion. Dancing was
continued until an early hour this morn
ing..- -'-,;.• ,..¦¦' ¦ •¦¦ ¦ ,•.¦••-•••¦¦. ;
dance and when he concluded the • King
exclaimed, "On with the dance: let
joy be unoonfined," whereupon an orches
tra' stationed in" the gallery struck up a
waltz and the floor was quickly filled with
moving couples. As; soon as the dance
was concluded an orchestra stationed in
the main gallery began a lively two-step.
Throughout the ball the orchestras alter
nated.. The music was under the super
vision of Sir Henry Heyman.' The pro
gramme carried out. by King Carnival end
his court was prepared by Captain Fletch
er, curator of the San Francisco Art Asso
ciation. Girard Barton wrote specinl
music. . " ;
Herrin reluctantly resigned himself to
the inevitable and it is said will be forced
to consent to the unconditional sale of tho
Post for $100,000 to Barham. The papers
are now being drawn up and will be' signed
within a few days. : •, -
The new management of the Post will
Inaugurate a complete ' change of policy.
It is designed to make the paper indepen
dent in politics. . No Intimation is given as
to the personnel of the incoming managers
of . the journal, although it • is surmised
that Barham will. be a leading figure < in
the editorial and business departments.
When neen last night Barham declined to
eay just what position he would assume,
if any at all, in the reorganization of the
journal. He denied emphatically a rumor
that he was acting in the Interest of Dan
Burns in the purchase of the paper,* ami
said positively that Burns was. not even
aware that' negotiations. to that end were
in progress. .; - • .'
Barham is a shrewd business man,. with
some knowledge ' of the newspaper busi
ness. He has thoroughly familiarized
himself with the local" conditions as per
taining to the Poet, and under his man
agement the paper is likely to. •> enjoy ,j
proeperity It has not known: for man/
years." . ¦"- •• •:; : "• ¦ ¦¦- TA
em Pacific would in any manner what
soever control wholly or in part the pol
icy of the new management of the jour
nal.. . ¦¦ .' ' .' ¦ :'.-¦:¦ 6h ¦
... 'PRINCE. .' .
(Spoken) — Again 'tis, well! ...
(Sings) Now let' your glasses ring, ¦ '-,''
¦ , While merrily we sing' --. : ¦ . •" ;
Success to the Carnival ball — Ha! H!
Chorus song. . . . ,, \ . • .. "¦ ¦
The jester sang a song and did a little
(Dance music for Jester's. dance, 'at the con
clusion of which the- Jester salaams before. the
Prince.) ..•.•¦ . • . • . • ¦. .
(Spoken) — So first of all let the royal Jester
take the field. ,
So we'll dance him 'down 'to death before the
morn— Ha! H! ' ' . .
We'll (lance him' down to death before the
morn. ' - '. ¦. -
PRINCE, i
'Tls well! Now hearken, to my royal will.
Tripping feet and flashing eyes this night must
ne'er be still;
But one and' all in merry rout must find dull
care and drive him out.
CHORUS. .
We'll flay him with a song, „
We'll sting him with a laugh.
We'll duck him deep and long
In the ruby, wine we quaff — Ha! Ha!
In the ruby wine we quaff. • ¦
¦ :'...'• ; prince. . . ;'•; ' ..¦¦;
We will make' him all forlorn,- . :
We will. scourge him with our song,
For we cannot breathe the. air s
With this dull creature, .Care! ;
CHORUS. '¦¦- ;¦'.:.¦ '
. .."•¦'¦ . : CHORUS.
8 Ire, we're very glad to meet you.
.". ... . . PRINCE.
Abbot of Unreason; who doth these revels rule.
I look for emlles beneath each grotesque bonnet.
In fact, as King, I must insist upon. it.
And so I greet you! ' •• ' . ¦'¦
Mrs. M. H. Hayes, Mrs. J. V. Anderson
J. V.. Anderson. John W. Malllard, Mrs. Mall
lard. C. K. Mclntosh, Mrs. Mclntosh. May
Perkins, Virginia Jolllffe. Mrs. J. G. Hop
kins, • Frances : Hopkins, Adelaide Dibble, • Rob
ert S. , Hooker, Mrs. - Robert Hooker. H. M.
Holbrook, C. T. Hamilton, Frank M. Griffln,
Mrs. Frank Griffin, A. B. Costlgan, Mrs. Sam
uel Blair, Miss Jennie Blair, . R.' J. Woods,
Mrs. R. S. Woods. W. H. Raymond. Thomas
Daniel M'cLeod, Mrs. Daniel McLeod, John
Dolbeer, . MJrs ' Bertha ' Dolbeer, Frank L.
Winn.Mlss Mabel Anderson, Captain Plummer
H. P. Dutton, J. R. M. Andrews, John S. Fair*
Leonard Chenery. Mrs. Leonard Chenery, Lester
Herrick, Mrs. Lester Herrick. Miss Alice
Mauzy, Mrs. J. K.- Wilson, Mrs. Jennie May
Doak, Frank Gray. Mrs. Frank Gray, Miss
Lizette Howard. Miss Hannah Wright Henry
Pierce, W. F. Bowers, Miss Marie Wilson W
Page Jr., Fletcher F. Ryer,' Mrs. Fletche'r F.
Ryer. Lieutenant Fuchs. Lidy O'Brien, Law
rence Irving Scott, Mrs. Lawrence Irvine
Scott, Mrs. Hiram C. Smith, Miss Smith Miss
G. Smith, Miss Othoral, Henry E. Hall, A.
Mitchell.- Gaston E. Ramsey, E. R. Howeil"
Hairy D. Hawks, Joseph B. Garter, • C. G
Cambron, Mrs. C. G. Cambron, Eugene Cade
nasso, Mrs. Eugene Cadenasso, Miss Auralia
Levaggi, Marshal H. Shackelford, Albert Lyser,
Edward B. Haldden, T. Carey Frledlander,
Mrs. T. Carey Frledlander. J. M. Quay, Mrs.
Silas Casey, Miss S. P. Casey, Mrs. William
Collier. O. L. Minifln.
Mlas Mabel Hyde, E. E. Brownell, General
W. R. Shatter, Carrie Redmond, Edwin Mc-
Afee, H. J. Maxwell, Mrs. H. J. Maxwell,
William Sims. A. J. Heehtman. Edith M. Mur
rey, O. W. Crawford, Mrs. O. W. Crawford.
M. J. Hawley, Herbert Munson, E. E. Sim
mons, Christian Froellch. J. L. Cunningham,
William P. Lawlor, Mrs. L. L. Baker. Her
bert R. Baker. Miss Gertrude Goewey. Mi=s
Kate Dillon, James Goewey, J. W. Havens,
Miss Flood. Mrs. Hunter. Mrs. Sally Maynard
Allan St. J. Bowie, Miss Marie Oge. E. S.
Howard, Miss E. D. Hewing, William F.
Wood. A. J. de Lamare. S. E. Epler, James
P. H«nry. Ralph Btubbs, T. W. Van Sickleii,
Mrs. Van Slcklen. Miss Van »Sicklen. C. H.
Taylor, Mrs. C. H. Taylor, Miss Taylor, H. D.
Pilisbury. Mrs. H. D. Plllsbury, A. Borel, Mrs.
A. Borel, A. Borel Jr.. L. Borel, Mrs. L. Borel,
Eugene de Coulon, Nita Borel, Sophia Borel,
Alice Borel. Lupe Borel, J. W. Byrne, Mr3.
Margaret Irvine.
Thomas McCaleb, Perry Eyre, Mrs. Perry
Eyre. "J. L. Flood, Mrs. J. L. Flood, Mrs. J.
W. Twiggs, F. A. Robbins, Mrs. F. A. Rob
bins, E. E. Ball. Miss Mary Payne, Mrs. Ira
Pierce. Miss Sophia Pierce. Mrs. "William Her
rin, Miss Kate Herrin, Mis3 Alice Herrin, Miss
M. N. Taylor. Miss E. Willlar, Thomas E.
Bailly. Harry L. Roberts. Louis A. Dougherty,
Miss Ruth Kirkpatrlck, Miss Constance Kirk
patrick. Paul Clinton Jones, O- C. Pratt, Frank
Girard. Walter Baker, W. F. Quick, A. F.
Douglas, Clayton Lieb, Miss Ethel Lleb.
MERRY THRONG IN THE MAZES
OF A WALTZ AT THE ANNUAL
MARDI GRAS FESTIVAL.
The boxes at each end of the gallery
were in carnival colors and were an at
tractive feature of tbe decorations.
The Prince's throne on the north side
of the gallery was richly decorated with
Oriental draperies.
The Seaxles gailery was decorated with
thousands of yujrds of garlands, crossing
a.nd recrossing under the skylight and
from which depended baskets of ferns,
vines and flowers, festooned with red rib
bons. The walls were covered with white
drapery and over this was festooned myr
tle and intermingled with the myrtle were
vari-colored electric lights. Where the
garlands were festooned to the wall bows
of red and yellow ribbons were affixed
completing the effect.
The maple room, which is situated be
tween the house gallery and the main gal
lery, was particularly dainty, the walls
being draped with a canary colored ma
terial, over which were spread ferns, in
termingled with poppies, and interspersed
among these were Incandescent lights,
which carried out the scheme of gold and
yellow. In the doorways hung magnificent
baskets of ferns. The display was largely
floral. Magnificent begonias on a cabinet
toned Into the general effect. At one end
of the room was a grove in which was a
statue of the Venus de Milo.
The interior of the Art Institute was
never more beautifully nor more elabo
rately decorated. Flowers and potted
plants were used with artistic effect. The
principal decorations in the house gal
lery, which was transformed for the oc
casion into the "court of the jesters,"
was a hanging illuminated chandelier,
composed of innumerable lanterns of car
nival yellow. An Immense lantern was
surrounded by several tiers of smaller
cues cf the same color lighted by Incan
descent lamps and festoons of lanterns
were strung to the four corners of the gal
leries. At each end were colored devices
with carnival masks in the center on
Japanese ' umbrellas. Redwoods and
bamboos, twenty or thirty teet high and
wreathes ot evergreens tied with parti
colored ribbons, added to the scene. There
was a notable absence of the draperies
which in past years tended to obscure the
architecture of this magnificent gallery.
On this occasion the decorations were
simple, but more beautiful than ever be
fcre.
Interior of tbe Art Institute is
Made Resplendent With
Color.
DECORATIONS ARE
VERY BEAUTIFUL
. • : ' ir> any Mardi Gras ever com
v3^-T"C\ paje with last night's event
/VA M In the richness and raagnifl
wV jj cence of gowns! ' Unique and
/r — *~~Jf dazzling effects were carried
S ~"-^ out. regardless of the fact
that the costume, however
extravagant, can only be worn on thi3 oc
casion and that another year will bring
the necessity for another startling ex
penditure. Rarest ermine graced several
Of the court robes, -while genuine dia
monds and precious pearls were as much,
in evidence as jewels at a coronation,
and a welcome substitute for the tawdry
tinsel usually seen at masquerade balls.
Following is a description or some oc
the most striking costumes:
• Mrs Gaston Ashe wore a magnificent Car
men costume of black, embroidered in green,
with green silk fringe. A red rose wjp In her
ha ilrs. A. Borel wore an elaborate white ball
B °The three Misses Borel were In white ball
S °Mme. Bouvet's ball gown was of fllmy light
Miss- Bruce was carnival maid, in pink satin
d °Srs° Jle?flal! Bishop was a. beautiful
Kus3ian seasant. m costume of red Russian
embroidery and Russian lace, specially im-
P °Mrs' James A. Block wore a whtte satin
domino, essecially designed, with scallet vel
vet sarniture. ¦
Mrs. Gerald Barton wore a white ball gown
of organdie, Dale blue ribbon garniture.
Mrs E F. Burns' sown was of black em
broidered' fillet lace over white chiffon, in
serted with white spangled motifs; trimmings
of chiffon plisse and roses. Her opera cloak
was of chamlos colored cloth, lined with blue
satin: icarniture chiffon. Arabian lace and
gold of ODhlr roses.
Mrs E. S. BonelH wore a handsome ball
gown of black spangled jet.
Mrs. Eugene Cadenasso was a "Russian
vivandlere" in cardinal satin; garniture green
and gold; military trappings of gold; red satia
legging* and slippers, red cap with quill.
Miss Kathryn Clark was gowned in cream
lace over pink. - ,
Miss Mabel Craft wore a ball gown of cream
satin with Chantilly lace.
Mrs. K. C. Capwell was in a black moire
domino over a black taffeta ball gown.
Mrs Francis Carolaa was handsome In Irian
point "lace over white brocaded panne velvet,
with biack tulle; diamonds and pearls.
Mrs Cosgrave wore a rich Egyptian costuma
of red. striped and embroidered red silk and
pale-blue silk. , . ,
Mrs George Goodfellow was beautiful in a
pale-blue crepe de chine ball gown, with whita
lace
Mrs. E. I. Grannlss wore an elegant Queen
Anne of Austria costume of white satin, em
broidered in gold: powdered hair.
Miss Joan Hadenfeidt was handsome In a
white nun's veiling dinner gown with lace
yoke A whito Gainsborough hat completed
the toilet. Miss Hadenfeidt had arranged to
wear a beautiful character costume, but her
recent accident rendered her unable to dress
elaborately. '
Miss Wanda Hadenfeidt wore a piquant
Russian peasant costume — a pale pink skirl
"and re* .-velvet bodice, laced. -Many rosea w«ra
twined in her hair, together with green, pink
and red ribbons. •
Miss Louise Harrington wore a. pink domino
over pale-green chiffon and silk.
Miss Mary Harrington wore a blue domino
over black net with Jet.
Mrs,. J»ck Hampton was attired in pale-blue
crepe de chine, with Irish point lace.
Miss Kate Herrin wore a yellow domino over
a beautiful Marie Antoinette costume; pow
dered hair. •"•
Miss Alice Herrin wore a yellow domino over
a similar piquant costume.
Miss Hanlon wore a black domino over black
lace spangled with tulle. <•.;-
Mlaa Edith Hager appeared in a brown
domino over a magnificent costume of Elsa:
lavender crepe de chine, court train, trimmed
with ermine; lavender orchids in her hair.
Miss Edith Huntlngton was dainty and
charming as Undine, the water sprite. The
gown was white silk covered with network cf
long grasses on which were many dewdrops.
She wore two- large pond lilies in her hair.
Mrs W. V. Huntlngton wore an artistic
domino, especially designed of white satin,
with scarlet velvet trimmings and a large red
rose in her dark hair.
Mrs. Will Irwln wore a quaint old-fashioned
rose silk with family heirloom lace.
Miss Joliffe was a charming Indian Prln
c*39 in red liberty silk embroidered in golJl
with a. red veil over front: pearls.
Mrs. Paul Jarboe wore an exquisite ball
gown of shirred pink chiffon. ». ¦
Mlsa Loretta Kirk wore a pretty ball gown
of black and white, dotted veil and silver
spangles.
Miss Aurella Levaggf was a Turkish Sultana
in pink satin, pearl trimmings. Jewels, silver
fringe. Turkish hat, Jeweled bolero and Jew
eled overskirt.
The Misses Land wore dominoes over white
lace gowns.
Mrs. O. F. Long wore white silk domino
over a peasant gfrl costume.
Miss Josephine Loughboroush wore a blue
silk domino over a white chiffon ball gown.
Miss Frances Loughborough wore a pink
domino over white Irish point lace and silk
ball gown.
Miss Murphy wore a red domino over a
gown of white point d' esprit and silk.
Miss McNutt was a Turkish woman -with
Turkish gauze veil, pink silk gown and Jewels.
Mrs. Mclntosh wore a ball gown of black
accordeon pleated chiffon and rose point lace.
Miss McEwen wore a beautiful costume as
Mortality of 1 pink and rainbow tinted chiffou
appliqued with spangled butterflies and pink
tulle.
Mrs. McCutchen wore a quaint costume of
old-fashioned silk with shirrings of chiffon.
. Miss E. M. Murray wore white tulle, em
broidered silver spangles and black tulle ro
settes. . - / ,
Mrs. W. H. McKlttrlck was beautiful in
white crepe de chine, white lace and flowers.
¦ Mm. Thomas Maaree Jr. was radiantly beau
tiful as Night. The design was an im
ported creation of black net closely spangled
in silver, cut princess and en train, with sil
ver spangled owls, moon and stars appliqued
on tbe flounces. She wore diamond stars <n
her hair and carried a silver crook.
Miss Belle Nicholson wore a pale blue crepe
de chine ball gown.
More than six hundred people attended
the carnival. Society was represented by
its leaders. Mrs. Herman Oelrichs, who
lately arrived from New York, received
her friends in a box. Edwin M. Green
way was in his element, superintending
things, and nearly every member of the
smart set was there.
In the gay throng were men distin
guished in the business world and many
who have earned fame in their profes
fcions. Army and navy sent large dele
gations and the officers were resplendent
in their uniforms. They appeared In
striking relief to the men in evening
cress who helped fill the place.
The ladies had the privilege of wearing
masks until the midnight hour and had
great fun saying: soft nothings to men
iney knew intimately. There was a be
v/itching array of costumes, moving in a
bewildering mass of color and impersona
tion throughout the rooms, every lady be
ing beautifully garbed.
Kingr Carnival and his queen, Mr. and
Mrs. G. Cadenasso, set a brilliant and
dazzling pace for their followers in the
matter of raiment The carnival queen
wore a regal robe in Marie Stuart style
of white satin and red silk/ elaborately
embroidered with spangles. Her court
robe of rich red velvet was edged with
ermine. Jeweled crown and necklace
completed the toilet. King Carnival was
a. dashing chevalier of the fifteenth cent
ury in his historic costume of red satin
and velvet with gorgeous jewels and trap
pings.
At midnight a splendid supper was
served for the assembled masqueraders.
ry. Gayly dressed cavaliers
and brilliantly bedecked ladies flitted
through the decorated rooms of the man
sion. Confetti wa*s strewn on the heads
and shoulders of the pleasure seekers and
the spectators. The floors were soft witli
the varicolored tinsel.
-xTTT- IJCO CARNIVAL, held majes
'(S " tic 6Wa >' at the Ma rk Hop-
V kins Institute of Art last
/\ evening. Society bowed be
\\ fore his throne and at his
command held Joyous revel-
Decorations Surpassing in
Their Beautu and
Orioinalitu. "•
Armu and Navu Send
Laroe ReDresentatton *
to the Festival.
Brilliant: Gathering
at Mark Hopkins
Institute.
Fair Sex Hide Their
IQentitg Behind
Masks.
CONFETTI
SHOWERED
ON GUESTS
STUNNING
COSTUMES
ARE WORN
King Carnival and His Subjects Hold Revelry
THE fiAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; v FEBRUARY 1?, ,1902. (
4Guests Partake of a
Splendid Supper
at Midnight,
ORCHESTRAS
ALTERNATE
FOR DANCES
PHOTOGRAPH OF WELL KNOWN OF THIS- CITY. -WHO IMPERSONATED KING CARNIVAL- AND SO
. CIETY PEOPLE WHO WERE GUESTS. AT THE MARDI GRAS BALL. HELD AT THE MARK HOPKINS IN
;¦,':¦ .STITUTE OF ART LAST NIGHT. "•..... . ] ' ,
Continued From Pag« Four.
STUNNING COSTUMES.
Miss Janet Peck represented Sir Joshua
Reynolds and was a very interesting feature.
Mrs. Galnes Roberts was a Colonial dame:
Honiton point lace and pink brocade; pink and
white feathers In hair.
Miss Royce wore a blue satin domino and
was Carnival maid.
Mrs. F. F. Ryer happily represented Stars
and stayed very close to Stripes.
Miss Reed wore pale yellow domino over
black net embroidered In Jet.'
Miss Carrie Redmond was charmingly at
tired in a black net decollete gown, with gar
niture of pink, and roses in her hair.
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury was handsome in
black Chantilly lace over white silk.
Miss Dickins was a white soldier with gold
trappings and military hat.
Miss Maude Taylor wore a pale yellow dom
ino, under which was a beautiful historical
ball gown. Her hair was powdered.
Miss Taylor wore a rose domino over a cream
brocaded satin ball gown with spangled em
broidery. -
Mrs. Joe Tobln wore white spangled net over
pink silk; diamonds and roses for garniture.
Miss Rowena Thompson wore a dainty Nile
green chiffon embroidered over taffeta, a Paris
creation.
Mrs. E. E. Simmons appeared as a capti
vating Carmen in an artistic costume . of
white and red satin, Spanish turban 'and fan;
red roses In hair. :
Mrs. William Sherwood was a Colonial dame
in a white satin gown; powdered hair. ' i
Tattle, Mrs. "W. H. McKittrlck. Marco
Bengulat. Mrs. Benguiat, Miss Laura Prather,
Miss May Morrison, "W. E. Lester, Mrs. W. E.
Lester, George Boyd, Mrs. Boyd, Miss
Georgina Jones. L. S. Adams. William T.
Goldsborough. Mrs. F. S. Moody. F. S. Moody
Miss 'Joan - M. Hadenf eldt. John B. Lelander.
Miss Wanda Hadenfeldt, George H. Aspen.
E. S. Bonelll. Mrs. E. S. BonelU. Mrs. Fred
erick W. Zeile. Frederick W. Zeils. Henry T.
Scott. Mrs. Henry T. Scott, W. Preston Scott,
H. H. Scott. Walter L. Dean. Mrs. Walter L.
Dean. Mlsa Alice Hager. Miss Ethel Hager.
Chauncey R. Winslow, Mrs. Chauncey K.
Wlnslow, Colonel Charles Sonntag, Allen G.
Wright. W. V. Huntington. Mrs. W. V. Hunt
ington. Miss Edith Huntington. William H.
Taylor Jr.. Mrs. William H. Taylor Jr.. Mrs.
Cyrus "Walker. .Mrs. A. H. Voorhies, Mrs.
Monroe Salisbury, Frederick C. Hot al ing. Mrs.
Ella Hotaling, Dave T. Murphy, Mrs. D. T.
Murphy. Miss Nora. McNeiL
Frank L. Owen, Mrs. Gaston Ashe, Mrs.
Lucy Weill. Miss Nicholson. John C. Hampden.
Mrs. Hampden, H. Waterman, F. W. Stephen
son, Mrs. George R. Wells, Miss Mone, Gene
vleve Carolan, Miss Emily Carolan. Charles
Sutro. Edgar Rlckard, Stanley Eastern. Miss
Duff. Walter McCormlck. Nella McCormick.
Lieutenant Lowenberg. G. E. Hall. Mrs Wal
ter. Mr. Walter, G. B. Knott. Mrs. Captain
Whitney, Sophie Kobicke, Mrs. J. Metcalt,
Zelda Tiffany, Pablo Sanchez, D. Spear F. C
Sackett, R. N. Marble. Tracy Cummings It"
M. . Eyre. Prince Poniatowski. Princess Pon
latowskl. George Parsons, Miss M. A. Harring
ton, Miss L. Harrington. Evan J. Coleman.
Miss Sophie Coleman, Mlas Lucy Coleman. C
J. Hepburn. Dr. Stone. Mrs. Dr. Stone N. D
Rldeout. J. H. Hetherington. Clement Tobin.
George W. Lewis. Walter Magee. Mrs. Walter
Magee, J. H. Rossetti, T. J. Grace. Joel H.
Hecht. Miss Florence Greenbaum, Baron von
Hoist, Baroness von Hoist,' Mrs. Georse A.
Pope. George H. Lent. Mrs. George H. Lent,
E. W. Hopkins. Miss Georgia Hopkins, Carter
P. Pomeroy, Mrs. Carter P. Pomeroy, Dennis
Searles. Eugene Murphy, Fred W McNear
William Alvord. Miss Elizabeth Z. Ames
Augustus Taylor, Mrs. Augustus Taylor. John
F. Merrill. Mrs. John F. Merrill. Ralph D
Merrill, Miss M. Gladys Merrill, W. F. Goad
Thomas Magee, Mrs. Thomas . Magee. Lieu
tenant Robert J. McMillan, H. S Greenleaf
S. H. Emrlch. W. R. Belllso. J. B. Murpav,
James Hall Bishop.
William Hubacik, L. P. Latimer, Miss M.
de Neale Morgan. Mrs. S. M. " Farnam Dr
H. E. Alanson.; Dr. Gardner. Mrs.' Gardner
Wallace A. Sabln. W. M. Kllnk. Benjamin
.Miss Lola Davis, Mrs. James Hall Bishop,
Mrs. E. J. McCutchen, Miss Page. R. E. New
man,'George? W.McBean Jr., Mrs. George W.
- McBean, Mrs. - Claire ..Williams, D. A. Fa-
Lrenholt. . J. Kruttschnitt. Mrs. J. Kruttschnitt,
.Mrs. .E.rM. Chabot. Miss Kathleen Chabot,
Miss' Claire Chabot, Miss Emma C. Holmes,
James C. Lacy. Harry N. Gray. Mrs. Harry N.
Gray. J.' Goodfellow, Mrs. J. Goodfellow, Mrs.
Kata Clark. Paul Lotz. Alfred S. Tubbs. Mrs.
Alfred S. Tubbs, Herbert D. Walter. Franklin
D. White, Worthlngton Ames, Mrs. Worthing
ton Ames, Wlnfleld S. Jones, Edmund Baker.
Lewis Gerstle. R. Emerson Warfleldw John
Lawson, A. B. Williamson, 'Mrs. A. B. Wil
liamson, Thomas P. Gower, Julien Hart, J. C.
Wilson, George L. Calwalader.* E. G. Schmie
dell. Mrs. E. G. Schmiedell. Lansing Kellogg.
A. Mclntyre. Charles R. Lloyd, T. G. Roberts,
P. McL. . McBean, Miss Edith McBean, Athole
McBean, Dr. Henry S. Kiersted. Thomas H.
Pike. Ray M.. Pike, Miss O. M. Holbrook, Mrs.
Latham McMullin, John Herbert Mee, M. Hall
McAllister, Alexander D. Keys.
Dwlght-Porter -A. A. "Watkins, Mrs. A. A.
Watklns, Miss , Mabel Watklns, Miss Bessia
Wilson, H. H. Kipp, Frederick H. Coon,
James w; Reid. J. Flnlay, Philip "W. Tomp
kins,. "William , B. Culleen, Sarah B- Conn.
Florence' Yates, Elizabeth Faulke, William
¦B.. .Collier Jr., John M. , Klein, Mrs. J.
M.- Klein. ' Charles Field. Mn. Charles L.
Field. Miss. Field .Mrs. George H. Roe. MUs
Rice. T.C. Van Ness, -Miss Van Ness. F. W.
Tallant. Mrs. Tallant, Percy L. Kins, Mar
garSt S. Salisbury,: H. Melone, S. D. Atherton.
B.>.R.- Drawn..' Dupont* Coleman, S. B. Cush-
Ing. Miss S. B. Cushing, .I 1 .". D. Boardman, A.
H.: Leventrltt. J.- O.- Tobln,' T. T. Morrison.
Hartland Law, Mrs. Hartland Law. Miss F.
Crocker.- Miss -Edith Simpson. Jane Penyn.
Miss F. Hammond, Miss E. Hammond, Mis3
C; Noble.»Dr.- J. A. Black,' Mrs. Black, W. H.
Dohartey. • Miss Marlon , Harrison. Miss - L. B.
Baldwin. Miss Florence Wade. Albert A. Ben
nett.-Hal C.» Peters, Miss A. Marquis.. Stephen
E. Hartwell. - ..: '
.ward Smith. .Stewart M, Anderson^ E. S. Pot
ter, Thomas J. -i . Barhanij • Helen B. Cosgrrove,
Knox Maddox, J. .PauMing Edwards, Roderick
P. Hushes, Miss Jewel Peet, S. H. Boardman,
Milton. Unsrer. ¦••....
Complete List Society People Who Attended the Carnival Ball
Given by San Francisco Art Association Last Night.
Continued. From Page Four.
CHICAGO, Feb. ll.-During a fight with
rifles this evening between the followers
of rival claimants to property lying along
the Lake Shore drive, the most aristo
cratic boulevard in Chicago. Frank Kirk,
a watchman for one of the claimants,
¦was ehot through the head and killed.
The property ...in dispute consists of
made land lying east of the Lake Shore
drive and between it and Lake Michigan.
Captain George W. Streetor, who has for
many years been a thorn in the side of
rvorthside property owners because of his
propensity to settle on vacant ground
and then claim in the courts the rights
of a squatter, has erected several small
phanties upon this ground and asserts
that. Inasmuch as it was not originally
Included in the Government survey of the
State of Illinois, it does not belong to
the State, but is public property open to
settlement.
To-night Henry L. Cooper, a lawyer,
who has been active in his opposition to
Watchman Is Killed Dur
ing Fierce Battle in
Chicago.
RIFLES CRACK
ON A STREET
Miss Marie Oge were a pink domino over a
fetching "Tommy Atkins" costume.
Mrs. Pierce wore a pale tinted brocaded sat!n
ball »own.
Mrs. Pratt wore a becoming ball gown of
black chiffon over silk.
Miss Pase was attired in black satin, with
•white epplique. .
Miss Sophie Pierce wore a pink domino cov
ered with masks; also a Spanish costume.
Mining Expert Exonerated.
The case of John C. Jens, a mining ex
pert, charged with obtaining ' money by
false* pretenses, was dismissed by Judge
' Sarah Fitzgerald, aged 5 years, and liv
ing ; on McAllister street, 1 .• near -- Steiner
was enticed Into a stable at: 674 McAllister
street by Roland Edwards, a hostler yes
terday afternoon.. The screams, of -the
child attracted attention, and Edwards
was arrested on a charge of felonious as
sault.- ,-..;.-.. •,-,¦"¦'. V
Assaults a Child.
WAITERS.— James
Maurln and Edward Fennessy. waiters, em
ployed In a restaurant at the, corner of Polk
and Austin streets, quarreled yesterday, with
the result that Maurin went to the Emergency
Hospital, for treatment of an ugly wound on
the side of the head, said to have be«n in
flicted by Fennessy with a dinner plate Fen
nessy was arrested and charged with an as
sault with a deadly weapon. , .
yesterday rejected a demand of Brown &
Power for $11 for sundry supplies furnish
ed the Grand Jury. A communication was
sent to Foreman Sonntag announcing that
the goods were ordered without a requisi
tion for them having been made on the
board as the charter, provides. "> ¦
Grand Jury Demand Rejected.
The Supervisors' Printing Committee
' 'LONDON. .Feb.' , 11.— The ; British ; steamer
Knight Companion, | from . Portland, , Or., for
Hongkong,' which went ashore. at Inudoye.'on
the coast of Japan, • is regarded, as a hopeless
wreck. Salvaging -of the cargo has been un
dertaken on the basis of "no cure, no pay.*.' •
; LONDO^f. Feb. 11.— While docking at Havre,"
the German steamer Bolivia, from Antwerp for
Mexico, was damaged: by collision with a pier
after "which she -.. collided* with-, the French
steamer I^abrador. from' the -.West Indies, and
damaged the latter's stern. '-/ .- ,. t .•
.- MANILA, Feb. 11.— The United States trans
port- Wright, which .was wrecked -November
last by . striking an uncharted rock, at the en
trance-of San ¦ Jacmto ¦ harbor, and; sinking, in
fifteen feet; of water,: has been raised. ,
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
.The Daily Journal of. Commerce ' has
been purchased frpm J.; S. -Waddell who
has been ( publishing the, paper for - the
last~ six months, by. a corporation organ
ized in this city. The new, publishers will
make" a number of improvements . at
once. The paper ft was . established | by
Ja^f s ?» Lear y In 1872 as "a' small weekly
publication. , •? cn ' IJ '.
Journal of' Commerce Sold.
David .Wells and Charles Lornettl, long
shoremen, were acquitted of a charge. of
burglary in Judge Mogan's court yester
day. They were accused of breaking open
a nlckel-ln-the-slot machine In. the saloon
of Judnlc & Perich. 201 Brannan street,
who said they would not • prosecute the
case, and the Judge dismissed It, remark
ing that at the most- the charge should
have been malicious mischief.
Acquitted of j Burglary.
O'NEIL SEEKS DAMAGES— Edward • J
O'Neil, ¦ guardian 6f • William J>O'Nell,* filed
a suit, against the Thomas Day Company. yes
terday for $20,000 damages for a injuries sus
tained by..hi8 ward at the factory of the firm
In. July last.- -. ¦ T ".-' v ¦•¦- ••¦¦.¦ .. . .. :
Count Tolstoi Is Dying.
. ST. ' PETERSBURG,' Feb. ll.^-Count
Tolstoi has suffered a relapse and. is dy
ing. ; . ¦ ¦ ¦ ; ¦' : \ ':•' ''¦.''•¦;.
City Attorney, Lane .advised Assessor
Dodge yesterday * that 'land : sold to the
State for delinquent taxes and afterward
deeded by the • to a third person
must be assessed to the grantee as the
original owner loses ' all ' interest ( in ; the
property When, such owner claims an
Interest In j the property | and desires to be
assessed hi& name may be inserted in the
Must Assess, Grantee of State
.Well-Known Draper Passes Away.
* Charles "VV. Ives, an old resident of this
city, ' died : yesterday. The deqeased was
employed for seventeen years as head
draper for the firm of W. J. Sloane &
Co., and? was very popular because of his
generosity;, and genial manners. . ¦ ...
. NEW YORK, Feb. -11.— The following
Calif ornians are -in New York: From San
Francisco— M. Lavell and A. Roullier at
the Manhattan; T. A. Stetson, at the Park
Avenue.
Californians, in New York.
pointed by Mayor Be Quashed.
The question whether Powel Fredrick
or Joseph Windrow Is the legally consti
tuted clerk of the Justices' Court was
raised yesterday by Attorneys Eugene W.
Levy and Andrew G. Maguire, represent
ing defendants In a suit filed with Clerk
Fredrick.
W. J. Thompson and John N. Ross, de
fendants in a suit brought against them
by the National Law and Collection Com
pany, filed a demurrer and a notice of
motion to quash the summons and dis
miss the action with Clerk Windrow yes
terday. The ground of the demurrer is
that no summons has been properly is
sued by Clerk Powel Fredrick of the Jus
tices* Court or legally issued at all.' and
upon the further ground that no com
plaint has been legally filed in said ac-
Uon with the clerk of the Justices' Court.
The papers In the suit were filed with
Fredrick January 3L
The motion will be based upon the pa
pers and records in the case and -will be
heard before Justice of the Peace Dunn
to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.
Since Clerk Windrow opened his office
on January 31 there have been iiled 170
complaints, while Clerk Fredrick has re
corded only twenty-one for the same
period. Of the twenty-one filed with
Fredrick fourteen are duplicates of suits
filed with Windrow.
Issued by Justices' Clerk Ap-
Attorneys Petition That a Summons
QUESTION FREDBICK'S
BIGHT TO THE OFFICE
All the approaches "to !the Chamber of
Deputies and the palace* were . held by
armed .guards, but 'bands of Socialists,
bearing red flags and singing revolution
ary songs, paraded the streets. A strong
body of agitators,- led.by a Socialist Com
munal Councilor, reached Prince Albert's
palace shouting "Long, live universal suf
frage!" and continued its 'demonstration
until a force of | cavalry, with drawn
swords, charged and routed the rloters^v-"
• The exit of the Socialist Deputies from
the chamber was accompanied by an en
thusiastic demonstration upon the part of
their adherents. A mob marched tot the
office of -the Socialist' organ, Le Peuple;
where the^ Socialist leader in the cham
ber, M. Vander Velle, addressed', the
crowd from a. window. He declared Vthat
if the chamber persisted .a few davs
longer in ' withholding* 'universal suffrage
the present agitation c would develop into
greefed^-che^r!.'
BRUSSELS, Feb. 11.— A detachment 'of
cavalry had to be requisitioned this after
noon in order to disperse the Socialists,
who .made a demonstration' in favor: of
universal suffrage. ; ;
Cavalry Required to Sup
press Brussels So- •;
cialists. "
A meeting of the general committee
having in charge the banquet to.be ten
dered Judge Jarmes F. Smith was held
last evening at the law offices of Sullivan
& Sullivan. The banquet will be given in
the Maple room of the Palace Hotel on
Saturday evening of this week, beginning
at 7:30' o'clock. "
The committee that had arranged for
a banquet at the time Judge Smith ar
rived; home, but which was postponed on
account, of the death of President Me-
Kinley and again because of the death of
a brother of the Judge, was in attendance
at the meeting last evening and assisted
in the deliberations of the present com
mittee.
A number of letters were received from
prominent citizens, including army and
navy officers and National Guardsmen,
which, taken into consideration with the
enthusiastic meeting of the committee, in
sures a pronounced success for. the ban->
quet, which is intended, to be a fitting
tribute to a son of California who has
achieved much distinction in his career
in the Philippines. >
The following named compose the com*
mittees:
Executive — Frank J. Murasky (chairman),
Colrfnel ,W. D. McCarthy (vice chairman). Colo
nel H. I. Kowalsky, Judge J. F. Sullivan,
Charles J. Heggerty, Judge A. . A. Sanderson,
Judge J. C. B. Hebbard. Frank J. Fallon,
Thomas D. Rlordan, Edward Lande, Daniel
Ryan and. Joseph C. Campbell. \
Invitation — Frank J. Murasky ' (chairman),
J. C. B.. Hebbard and Frank J. Fallon. "
Banquet — H. I. Kowalsky, Edward Lande
and Judsre J. F. Sullivan.
Reception — Chief Justice Beatty, Hon. Hor
ace G. Platt, General W. H. L. Barnes; Judge
J. C. B. Hebbard, Hon. - Matthew Nunan,
Gavin McNab. Thomas D. Rlordan. A; A. San
dersorf, Edgar D. Pelxotto. William M. Ab
bott, Colonel A. A. Andrews, Joseph Kirk,
Hon. WJlliam P. Lawlor, . Hon. Thomas- J.
Geary, Hon. Henry K. Highton and Heiiry
Elckhoff. ...
Press— Judge J. C. B. Hebbard. ¦
Which Takes Place Next Sat
urday Night. ;
Committee ¦ Meets to * Discuss Event,
PREPABING- FOB BANQUET
TO GENEBAL '.'JIM" SMITH
TROOPERS RIDE
UPON RIOTERS
__j j t j *--4~ a i i — »T» — * — ? — I — nTTTTTTI
Cabanlss yesterday afternoon. The com
plaining witness was A. Newman, man
ager of his wife's millinery store at 130
Sixth street, who alleged that he bought
from Jens for $500 one thousand shares of
a company having mines In Calaveras
County on the representation : that they
were very valuable. The Judge decided
that the alleged misrepresentations were
opinions rather than assertions of fact.
Streetor, accompanied by Policeman
O'Malley. went on the ground of the
"district" and was attacked by Streetor,
who knocked him down with the butt of
a revolver. Several of Streetor's follow
ers covered O'Malley with their weapons
and he was ordered to leave or be shot.
Shortly after Cooper and O'Malley had
left the ground a pitched- battle began
between three of Streetor's followers,
William McManners, William Blokie and
John Hoeldtke, and two watchmen em
ployed by Cooper, Frank Kirk and Sam
uel Porterous. Kirk and Porterous were
standing outside a small shanty of their
own, and one of the first shots fired
struck Kirk on the top of the head. Por
terous entered the shanty and returned
the fire of the Streetor men with a rifle.
A riot call was hastily sent to the East
Chicago-avenue police station and a
wagon filled with policemen was sent on
the run toward the place. When the
officers arrived Kirk's body lay In the
snow outside his shanty, while from the
window Porterous kept up a steady fire
upon the three men in the house, who
were returning his fire with all the speed
with which they could work their rifles.
The police arrested Streetor and all the
participants in the fight.
?R. B. Milroy.- secretary of, the Califor
nia Jockey Club; who was injured recent
ly in a streetcar accident, 1 is slowly re
covering. . His physicians report him out
of danger. j *, , ' .
A. H. Schnabel. a fruit-grower and ex
tensive land-owner of Newcastle, is here
on a sjjort business trip. He Is registered
at the Grand.
B. F. Dlllingham, sugar planter and
railroad man of Honolulu, arrived from
the East yesterday. He is en route to the
Islands. [ ' . .
E. D. Terry, a well-known attorney of
Honolulu; | arrived on the ¦ steamship Ala
meda yesterday and is at- the Occidental.
John F. Colburn, , an attorney of Hono
lulu, arrived here yesterday. He is here
on business for , Prince David.
C. A. Canfleld, a well-known oil man
of Los Angeles, is at the Palace with his
wife. - - ¦ ¦ , ; . , •• :
•Bishop Mills of the Episcopal diocese of
Ontario, Canada, Is a guest at the Palace.
N. K D© Toe, a furniture dealer of Mo
desto, , is among the arrivals at the Lick.
F. E. Dawd, a county officer of Sonoma,
is registerd at the Lick from' Santa Rosa.
"li.>T. Hatfleld of Sacramento Is at the
Occidental. \ >
'- E. E. Bush, a real estate dealer of Han
ford, Is at the Lick.
Ex-Congressman J. Hamilton Lewis of
Washington Is at the Palace.
Railroad Commissioner N. Blackstock
of Ventura Is at the Grand.
J. O. Hestwood, -a. mining man who re
sides at San Jose, is at the Grand. ... . , ¦ .
W. I. Roberts,- the well-known mining
man of Selma, Is a. guest at the Lick. •
M. Biggs Jr., banker and mining man
of Oroville, Is registered at the Grand.
Mrs. A. ' B. Williamson wore a -Nile; green
•domino over mauve silk :. pearls, Z. J \ >¦¦'.:•
Mrs. .Walker, was in white satin.: ,.. •
Mrs. C E." Worden -was' in'an. original, cos
tume as Stripes. Stars .was. her companion.
Mlss.Wllliar wore a'-yellow domino over a. be-'
coming ball gown. : .-•>.• ..¦¦- . .-:•¦-'-, ; ..
Miss Watklns wore a 'yellow domino- over a
handsome gown. •> - ¦ . - «?' ; ¦ . ... _ ,-. .; .-.;.. : . ¦ .
Mrs; Washington Dodge _w!6re,*;iblack dom
ino over a black net KO.wn. embroidered in Jet;
garniture- of : green « nttroir . rvelVjat; . red /Ameri
can Beauties; pearls in hair.-. *i ¦¦•'..'¦ ¦.•'.¦
Miss Marie Wells -was eharmihic as : Tomniy.
Atkins. , ¦•• : . • --.,, V ¦', ;¦¦ ¦ ¦ .
Mrs.- Whiting wore white lace over' blue, silk;
garniture pink roses. ' * . .... , "
.'Allen Miss Alice Spraguej F.'J. Caro
-lah, lllrs. Frank : Mn. 'Alexander D.
¦Keys, • Mrs. ".Henry . Page, j Kenneth Pace,' Miss
Ruby Page,. I. W. Hellman Jr., Mrs. I. W.
'Hellmari Jr.; ; Albert L.. Ehrman/ Mrs.' Albert •
'!<.• Ehrman, !-Dr. , Winslow •, Anderson, * Mrs.
Wlnslow Anderson," Mrs. Uriel Sebree. C. J..
Foil is, : A.- Sbarboro,' . "Walter E. Dean. . J. D.
Grant. "Mrs. J. 'D. Grant, 1 b. XV. ¦ Farenholt;
Mrs". : ;Tobin, * Joseph . '; S. Tobln, • Mrs. Jarbpe^
• Miss Clement, John A. Sanborn/,L». -M. Over
street, T.K. Perkins, George A; Pope, F. C.
Deeringr. - S. Spraeua, Mrs. C:'B« Hahn. *v^
Dr.'. J. Dennis Arnold, Mrs.* 1 Dr. Arnoldi ; F.
A. -Marriott, >Ilss May Wallace, ¦WilllamF.
C.'Peterson, Wrs..F.iC. Peterson, George Stone,
Mrs. Robert Oxnard, ,E. S. Burns, Mrs. E.i S.-
Burns.. Fred Fenwick, CharlesLMcCormick, Wil
.liam Armsby, ,'L, Woods,' Miss L. Woods, G. A.'
Woods, W. A) Newbold.- Frank' Jones. W. W.
-Williams, Mrs. ! M. L. Gallen, Carry Buckley.
Leretta Kirk, ;Dr. Southard, Mrs. Southard. P.
C, Hodge, ¦ Dejfn Durke,' James A. Code, Mrs." J.
A. Code.;. James C. Sweeney, William Harrison,
Miss W.' F. Somers, - Captain - Barneson, Miss
Hooker, ••Miss; Land, Miss Charlotte Land, E.
H. Tricou; - Captain •Johnson. .Mrs. .Washington
Dodge, .Mrs. Jonathan ' Curtis; Paul : Bancroft.
Gilbert H. Russell, George T. Marye Jr., R:
M. Fitzgerald! Mrs. B.'F. Smith. Harold. Ed-
Society Graces the Annual Mardi Gras Festival
THE SAJNUFRA!^ 1 9p2. -
PERSONAL MENTION.
5
San Francisco. Wednesday, 12 February, 1902. ' ;;-
Special for To-Day.
Sola Pillows.
9- — -'..¦¦...•¦ — : — ¦ — s ¦ — ©
Be^l ni " nS th ' S mornin j£ at eight o'clock and continuing
untiI .^o'clock this afternoon, we will oflfcr a line of about
three huridred sofa pillows at greatly reduced prices. They.
. are all of good size, averaging 24 inches square, and are. coy- ¦
¦ ered mostly with remnants of high-grade upholstering mate-
rials, the exception being a number of stamped poster effects.
Every -pillow is well filled, some with feathers and some with !
floss, according to the price asked. 'Reasqn for the sale— too
Pleasing effects in denim3 and tapestries at. 60 cents
Velours, tapestries and damasks at $1.10
Velours, tapestries and damasks at '. .............. . .$r .45
A better' grade of the above materials..... $2.25 i
1 Extremely choice, patterns in rich effects... "....$3.50 S
Come early ¦ and get first choice. Positively no telephone
or mail j orders honored— you must come in person.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
: 957 to 977 MarKct Street, 6pp. \ Golden Gate Avenue.
¦i BEST NATURAL LVTATIVE WATER. '.
No medicine in the ¦world
can relieve you of constipa-
tion and all disorders of the
Stomach and Liver like
Hunyadi Janos
One-half glass taken on aris-
ing' in the morning' will (rive
euch satisfying: results that
you will take no other rem-
edy and be convinced that,
ft Trill cure all forms of
! Be sure and GET
p Hunyadi Janos
[j If you Eimply ask for
3 Hnsyadi water you may be
| imposed upon.
! DON'T BE PERSUADED
TO BUY SUBSTITUTES.
THET AJtE WQgTOlfJSS AXD OfTEH HAKMTO,WEDNESDAY. .....FEBRUARY 12, 1002
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. Zr ~
Address All Commnnieitions to W. 8. LEASE. Manager.
MAXACEIl'S OFFICE. ..... .Telephone Pre»» 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE...Market and Tblrdl. S. V.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prena 202.
Delivered **y Carrier*, 15 Cento Per Weelc.
. Single Coplen. S Cents. V
Term* by Mail. Including Postage! '•; " - ?
.DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year Ji.ftO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday). 3 months 1.R0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1-80
WEEKLY CALU'One Year 1.00
?II postmaster* nre authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample cosies -will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* in ordering chanpe of address should b«!
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1113 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROCXESS.
Xsxtger Foreign AdTtrtiaiag, M»rqnette Building. Chicago.
<Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
; NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAJFtLTO.V Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SSIITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Snerman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
..WASniJVGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14O6 G St* If. W.
MOUTO.X B. CUA.VE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, comer of Clay op»n
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. *33
McAIliEter. open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
»:S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22BI
JdaiKcL. ccrnei Sixteenth, open vntll 9 o'clock. 1093 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
«=til 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. cpen until 9 p. m.
SLATER OF "WILLIAM F. GRIFFIN DRAMATICALLY PROTESTS HIS
INNOCENCExOF INTENT TO COMMIT MURDER DURING TRIAL,
OP THE CHARGE AGAINST HIM BEFORE JUDGE COOK.
HOTEIi DEL." CORONADO. choicest "Winter
Kesort la the world, offers beat living, climate.
boating:, bathing-, fishing, and most amuse
ments. E. 8. Babcock. manager. Coronado. Cal.
Paderewski's return to New York has been accom
panied by the usual high. pressure excitement, and by
the time Prince Henry arrives there will be only' a
jaded population to receive him..
Bob Semple went out to Washburn Col
lege a- few days- ago to see a football
game. In describing the ¦ sport he said
that football was simply a prizefight mul
tiplied by eleven.- . •
; I The trial , of "Moran, - charged
with the murder of George W. Rice, the
non-union . machinist, • at Twentieth and
Howard i streets about 6 o'clock ', on the
evening of October 11;. -was commenced be
fore; a jury j in Judge j Lawlor's court yes
terday..'; Rice was first clubbed after; leav
ing the car and knocked down; then*Wil
liam : Buckley, .who was convicted last Fri
day, I fired the shots into Rice's prostrate
form. The prosecution claims that Moran
bed George W. Hice.
Accused- of Being the Man Who Club-
The New York man who objected to giving up his
box at the opera to Prince Henry ha's at, last : given
way, and now New York is at.peace. AJl'the Prince
has to do is to walk in and take everything in sight.
One bottle of Burnett's Vanilla Extract is
better than three of doubtful kind. Thoujh cost
ing a few cents more per bottle, its purity and
great strength make it most economical brand.
KORAN ON TRIAL FOR MURDER.
¦When the Spanish discovered Venezuela
they found the natives wearing pearls for
ornaments and the fishery is still flourish
ing to-day. More than 400 boats are em
ployed in the work.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by thf
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. v •
' Townsend's California glace fruits, fOc a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. b/s
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market at.. Palace Hotel building • *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Kx. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
"If any officer attempts to exercise the
freedom of speech shoot him on " the
spot."— Cleveland 1 Plain Dealer.
"No; what Is It?"
"Have you heard the new order at army
and navy headquarters?"
The most important testimony was that
of Arthur Cleve. He positively Identi
fied the defendant as the man he saw
standing beside Buckley when the last
named fired the shots at Rice. Keaveny
also gave strong circumstantial evidence.
He was on the rear platform of the car.
He saw two men leave the front of the
car, and one in height, build and general
appearance answers to the defendant. An
other man came from the rear of the
car. Sergeant Duke testified that Moran
made a statement shortly after his arrest
on the morning after the murder to -him
self and Detective Bailey that at 6 o'clock
the previous evening, which was the time
of the murder, he was In a restaurant on
Third street, so as to show the contra
dictory statements made by. him later.
The trial will go on this morning.
"The witnesses examined yesterday were
the same as those examined at the Buck
ley trial. They were Corporal George "W.
Russell, Dr. Emmet Rixford, Georga E.
English, Dr. L. D. Bacigalupi. Louis R.
Levy, John Boost, 'Charles Angelus, Wil
liam Spiess, Lieutenant "William Price,
Edward D. Leahy, Arthur Cleve, Sergeant
Thomas S. Duke, William Kldd and
Frank J. Keaveny.
did the clubbing. Attorney George D.
Collins represents Moran, and Assistant
District Attorney Alford and Attorney
Peter F. Dunne the prosecution. The
courtroom was crowded, and as much in
terest appears to be taken in this trial
"as in the trial of Buckley. Moran's face
wore a strained, anxious look during the
proceedings.
The case cited is perhaps the' grossest of the kind,'
but it does not stand alone. -It appears there are con
tinual calls upon all the 'departments' of the ; Govern
ment for the compilation -and' publication of facts
which are ;of comparatively little value to the public,
and, which ought never' to -.be! called, for' in that;, way:
It t ;s right, of course, that Congress should , know
what is going on, • but in ; seeking for information' it
should not forget to seek also for an understanding
i of what the desired knowledge will . co"st. T
The compilation, when published,' filled five large
.volumes, so that, in addition to the cost pi clerk" hire
the Government was .put to/further heavy- expense
for printing." It is quite safe to say' that neither the
Senator who, asked ;for the information nor any one
elseYwill ;ever- read 'those volumes.. The money' has
been done in vain and the. money Virtually wasted.
As an illustration -of the heaviness of the' work
often imposed;by.requests for information, it is relat^
ed that a Senator, recently introduced .a resolution
calling for a* report in minute detail of all receipts and
expenditures in ; - Cuba from the date of the military
occupation, to .'April 30, 1900, ?with. "a statement of
public. works of every kind, together with the cost,
necessity and propriety of the same, with copies of
contracts," etc. For the War Department to comply
with the request- the labor of ten clerks for six
months was necessary, and for six weeks those clerks
were obliged to work over time! Congress will there
fore have to consider a claim for their extra compen
sation. ; ' '-,,; .¦¦'.•• : : c - -
Owing to public interest in all affairs of our insular
possessions and the prevailing ignorance concerning
them, the demand for information of one kind. or an
other concerning them has been so frequent as to im
posed heavy burden upon the Division of Insular
Affairs, and accordingly the officials have made a
protest. The public has thus been made" aware of tHe
extent to whichA'the abuse has been carried. •
Back of everything in this ; wbrld, however, there
is & question of cost. To furnish information : for
Congressmen requires, a considerable expenditure on
the part of the administration; and there are times
when the cost seems to be more than the information
is worth. It. takes only a few minutes of time for
either branch of Congress to ask the
but it takes a great deal of time for the clerks of the
bureau having the matter in charge to compile it, ar
range it and get it printed. '" J '
WHEN a member of Congress rises in his
seat and asks that some branch of the ad
ministration be requested to compile, print
and furnish Congress with information concerning
any part of the public business his motion receives a
prompt second and is nearly. always approved by a
majority of his fellow* members. In fact a request
for information is one of the hardest things in the
world to refuse. When a man. wishes to learn, some
thing in order that he may moreproperly. fulfill his
duties it appears nothing -more than just and right
that the information should.be given him.
COSTLY INFORMATION.
Neither McCabe nor his railroad is, to be punished
for the .offense thus' frankly admitted. The "law .has
been violated, but it cannot be enforced; the commis
sion has been mocked, :.but it cannot vindicate itself.
Such a condition of affairs is not pleasing to a peo
ple who like our own have been brought up to have
a high respect for law and to look upon it as a safe
guard not only of justice. but of liberty. It is full
time for Congress to, take action in this matter. If
the law be unjust it should be repealed; if the com
mission be unworthy of respect it shotild'be abol
ished; but so long as the; one remains on the statute
book and the other represents the Government of
the United States the railroads should I be compelled
"I am in charge of traffic matters, and do what I
feel is necessary, to protect the interests of the com
pany."
"Who is responsible for such serious violations, of'
the law— such reductions from your public tariffs?"
"Yes; that was the purpose, if they were destroyed
I do. not say they have been destroyed, but I think
they have been."] , ¦
"Possibly because we thought you might ask to
have, them laid before you," admitted Mr. McCabe.
«r "You -mean to say, then, sir, that those records
were destroyed for the purpose of "removing evidence
of your illegal acts?" :'¦*'¦
"Why/not?" insisted the Commissioner.
At a recent hearing in Chicago several traffic man
agers were under examination by the commission
concerning the granting of rebate^. They had no
hesitation in admitting that rebates were granted
wherever it was deemed for the interest of the roads
to grant them. One of these officials, D. T. McCabe,
traffic manager of the Pennsylvania lines west of
Pittsburg, testified to giving secret reductions in
freight rates, and when asked for the records of the
office showing the transactions said they could not
be produced as the road did not have them. ' The
following conversation is then reported to have en
sued between McCabe and Commissioner Clements:
"No records of transactions- involving so much
money?" doubtfully asked the Commissioner.
"I do not think we kept them after they had served
their purpose."
If the. reports that come to us from the East be
accurate the commission had good grounds for mak
ing that complaint. It was not uttered upon a moral
conviction of the guilt of railway officials, but upon
a certain knowledge of it. In fact, so powerless is
the commission to enforce the law that it cannot en
force respect for itself, and railway men have no hesi
tation in frankly admitting violations of the law and
defying the commission to punish them. '
WHEN making their recent report to Con
gress the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion deplored: "That the leading traffic
officials of many of the principal railway lines, men
occupying high positions and charged with the most
important duties," should deliberately violate the stat
ute law of the land, and in some cases agree with
each other to do so; that it should be thought by
them necessary to destroy vouchers and so manipu
late bookkeeping las to obliterate evidence of the
transactions."
MOCKING THE COMMISSION.
It looks as if those Bulgarian brigands had made
up their minds to keep' Miss Stone as a valuable ad
dition to their firm on account of the immense
amount of free advertising she gets them. -.
The latest yawp of the Cuban reciprocity schemers
is that if we do not provide prosperity for the Cuban
sugar planters we will be worse than Weyler, because
he undertook to feed at least the people he shut up in
his concentration camps, while we purpose to let
everybody starve.- If this sort of thing keep up we
may expect the reciprocity fanatics to appeal to Wey
ler to come over and thrash us into consenting to
free trade.
.' This closed the case for the x defenss,
with the exception: of two, witnesses who
will be. called to-morrow to testify to the
general good reputation of the defendant.
.The , defendant took the stand in • his
own behalf and his story was" the same
as that of his wife. When -asked if he
intended to shoot Griffin, he raised his
hand aloft | with the answer, 'As God is
my judge, I did not!" He , declared that
he /wanted merely to intimidate Griffln by
a display of armed , force and . that .. the
weapon was discharged by accident.'
.This practically closed the case for the
prosecution. The defense consisted of the
testimony of Mr. and Mrs. Glllespie.
Mrs. Gillespie swore that a loud noise as
of; breaking dishes in the Griffln room
attracted^ her attention 'and on opening
the door' she saw a fragment of dish
strike Mrs. Griffln in the breast. Griffln
called her a, vile' name and ordered her
to leave the room. She called her hus
band, and ; as she did so she saw Griffln
go to a closet and return with a knife <n
his hand.: Griffln said he would fix Gilles
pie if he interfered and on the latter's
arrival the witness told him to be care
ful, as Griffin was armed. "Gillespie
thereupon left the room' and returned a
moment later with a revolver.', Qriffln
became abusive j and finally, made a hip
pbeket motion; whereupon Glllespie fired.
>ThV witness was positive Griffin was not
seated 'hv the rocking chair at the time
of the shooting. '., v. ' - •-'.
"I was putting the potatoes on. the ta
ble, when my husband took up a mush
bowl and thrust it down very hard upon
a saucer, breaking it Into fragments. He
spoke rather loud, and just at that mo
ment Mrs. | Gillespie opened the door and
walked into the room. She wanted to
know what was the matter, and my hus
band'.told her to -get out- of the room.
She went to the " door and called for her
husband, who came and said that order
must be maintained. Gillespie then went
out of the room and returned with a pis
tol'In his hand. My husband was sitting
In the rocking chair with his arms rest
ing on the arms of the chair, when Gil
lespie put his pistol directly in my hus
band's face. My husband . laughed arid
said he guessed Gillespie wouldn't shoot
anybody, and at that moment the pistol
was discharges. I saw the flash in the
looking glass, for I was not looking at
either just at that moment. When I
turned I saw my husband leaning back
in the chair with blood all over his face.
I asked him If he was hurt, but he never
answered me. He was taken to the hos
pital and. when I saw him again he was
dead." . ?
After the opening statements by special
Prosecuting Attorney Black for the peo
ple and Attorney Robert Ferral for the
defense, Officer George "W. Russell pre
sented and explained a diagram of the
house at 119 Ninth street, where the trag
edy occurred. Mrs. Emily Griffin, widow
of the deceased, was then called to the
stand. She testified that her husBand
came' home in an, angry mood on the
evening of August 2, and when she in
quired the cause of hi3 perturbation he
told . her he -would explain after supper.
•Continuing, she testified:
Gillespie's trial promises -to be one of
the shortest on record. The testimony for
the prosecution and defense was all
heard yesterday, excepting that of two
witnesses who will testify to Gillespie's
good character to-morrow. The argu
ments will be brief and an Immediate
verdict is expected.
THE trial, of George'D.'f Glllespie, a
well known local .politician * and
lodging-house keeper ' r a®U8 .Ninth
street, for the killing ;of William
F. Griffin, an apprentice^ plmnber,
on the evening of August 2O'iast,'.was be
gun In Judge Cook's court yesterday. ;
it is to be borne m mind, moreover, that many of
these fences erected in front' of vacant lots are raised
to. such a height and rented to advertisers at : such
prices as enable the owners to make a profit while
leaving the lot unused and vacant. Thus they tend to
check the upbuilding of"^the city and detract from
the value of the adjoining lo'tsi An injury is there
fore done not only tc the community at large but
to particular persons. Some remedy should be pro
vided by law for the mitigation -,of these .evils,' and if
nothing better can be devised we recommend .the
Supervisors to try taxation. 1'
There is no reason why they should not be taxed.
A fence is property and advertising is a trade. More
over bill board and fence advertising is like peddling,
inasmuch as it makes use of public thoroughfares,
•and therefore is rightty subject to municipal super
vision and control. Finally, such advertising is not
infrequently a gross nuisance, marring the appear
ance of the city, offending the eye and leading up to
the erection of huge* fences that are a serious danger
to passers on the streets and to "adjacent property by
reason of their liability to fire.
It is clear that where low fences or light railings
are erected along the top of an embankment more
than ten feet above the adjacent sidewalk no harm
h done. Such fences are not so unsightly as to de
face the city, neither are they, sufficiently heavy to
constitute a menace to persons on the street in time
of high winds, nor so inflammable as to be danger
ous when fires break cut. The unsightly and danger
ous fences are, in nearly every case, those which are
erected along business thoroughfares and used for
advertising. If then a tax be imposed upon such ad
vertising, or a license be required for the erection or
use of fences for advertising purposes, the fences
would then pass under the license laws of the city
and could be regulated'by taxation exactly as are
other licensed privileges. " - — <
While the decision seems technical, it rests upon
a fact which is beyond gainsaying. The configura
tion of the city is such that in 'many districts the
ground upon which houses are built and fences are
erected is more than ten feet above the adjacent side
walk. Hew to adapt tin ordinance to the irregularity
of the topography of the city will be found a perplex
ing problem, and perhaps it may have to be aban
doned. . %
Should that prove to be the case there remains
another method of dealing with the nuisance. The
Call has repeatedly directed attention to the good
results -obtained by the French Government in im
posing a system of taxation upon bill board adver
tising, and there is every reason to believe'that were
a similar system adopted in San Francisco a long
step would be taken toward eliminating the worst
evils of the high fence nuisance.
{In deciding the issue the Judge said: "In many
cases the surface of the ground upon which fences are
or may be erected in this city and county is more
than ten feet above the level of the adjacent sidewalk.
Upon such a lot no wooden fence whatever could be
erected without violating the ordinance. A fence one
inch high would be more than ten feet above the level
of the sidewalk. Inasmuch, therefore, as the ordi
nance denies to some property owners what is per
mitted to others it is not equal and uniform in its
operation and is, in my opinion, invalid."
JUDGE SEAWELL'S decision that the high
fence ordinance recently adopted by the Board
of Supervisors is invalid brings before that body
once more the problem of protecting the city against
the nuisance and the danger of high fences along
crowded thoroughfares. Since the present ordinance
is invalid a new one must b.e devised. The continu
ance of such fences is an indisputable evil and it is
incumbent upon the Supervisors to provide a remedy.
TRY TAXATION.
That lesson from Texas shouldnot be lost upon
California. It is to the. advantage, of all that, the pro
posed descriptive catalogue" be speedilyimd accurately
compiled, and cordial, assistance!? should be given
by all producers of every kind to the association in
completing, publishing and circulating -the work.
"Thirty-eight delegates from the New Ybrk.Mer
chants' Association and Chamber of Commerce, spe
cially appointed for the purpose, visited : Texas in
April last with the ultimate purpose of promoting the
investment of New York capital in industrial "devel
opment in Texas and of increasing' the trade of New
York with that State. Eleven sub-committees were
appointed, each charged with a special .' branch of
study. The party traveled- more than 6ooo miles and
visited thirty-seven important points in Texas. The
preliminary statement' of. the report of the, delega
tion, and one upon which' stress is laid, is that it was
assumed that ample dataas to the natural resources
of^ the State and their present development would be
readily accessible from official sources. Much to the
disappointment and embarrassment of the various
'committees, it was found that such data was exceed
ingly meager and did not furnish. a comprehensive
view of the natural resources and industrial condi
tions of the State. The report states, 'There is a no
table lack of such information as to .Texas, and in
all probability the State has been much prejudiced
thereby.'"
As an illustration of the need of compiling full in
formation concerning the State and its products the
prospectus says: • . ¦
While there have been a large number and variety
of publications on the subject of California products
there has been none that is thoroughly comprehen
sive in its nature. From each of them there has been
omitted something of importance to the* State and to
its commerce. The ¦ consequence is that even well
informed Californians themselves" have but an inade
quate knowledge of. the industries carried" on
around them; and those who are most willing to pa
tronize home industry frequently make use of foreign
articles simply because they do not know of the ex
istence of home products of the same kind.
The object of the* catalogue, as stated by, the pros
pectus, is to make known the products of California
to' consumers both -at home and 1 abroad: It will be
given a free' general distribution throughout the
Union and jvill also be circulated in other countries.
It is not the intention to insert any paid advertise
ments and no charge .will; be made for a description j
of any Calif ornian' product.- On the "contrary, the,
prospectus announces that "full information regard
ing all products is solicited in order that all may. be
properly represented. It is desired to obtain the data
for each subject from those having special' knowledge
of it." : . / -
BY" " the Manufacturers' ,and jj Producers' Associa
tion there has been issued a prospectus of a
descriptive catalogue of the . commercial ! pro
'ducts, natural and manufactured, of the State, of Cali
fornia, -which is to be accompanied by -a general re
view of the resources, and advantages of the State,
so that as a \vholeit will constitute a valuable addi
tion to our commercial- literature and will prove an
efficient factor in expanding; and increasing our traded
CALIFORNIA PRODUCTS.
Investigators in the" Capitol at ' Washington have"
discovered that; the. historic structure is infested with
millions of disease^germs, among them being that of
lockjaw. This particular microbe has not, however,'
affected any 'of the national orators in recent debate.
Genghiz Khan laid his empire like. a vast blanket
upon the world, from the Caspian to the Yellow Sea.
His descendant, Tamerlane, dominated from 'the
Euphrates to -the YangtserKiang, and set up the
peacock throne of the Moguls at Delhi. But all these
feats of arms were as nothing to what this old woman
has done by a decree that has no sword behind it but
her resistless will and awakened spirit. She was born
a slave, but she has liberated one-third of/ the human
race.
She goes to the front of the class composed of such
women as Semiramis, Tomyris, Zenobia and Kath
arine. ' The people of the Western nations should
meet her halfway in this determination to maintain
the unity and promote the progress of her vast em
pire. It is neither by territorial division, nor by in
vasion for selfish exploitation, that China is to.be
come a useful and contributing member of the family
of nations, but by an awakening. She has all the lore
and wisdom of the past. What Babylon and Egypt
had, she has. The virtues and ideals of Oriental phi
losophy are hers. Her people have 'morality, fidelity,
thrift. They possess the domestic virtues, a keen mer
cantile instinct and patience at toil surpassing that
of the ox. At present they feel only the wants of the
remote past. Their needs are primitive. As they go
up the path opened to them by the Empress Dowager
new needs will appear, with new duties and new
ideals. At the same time their capacity to trans
mute their resources to supply the needs of the West
ern world will increase, mutual exchange will grow
and out of normal commercial intercourse they and
the West will prosper. • \ .
The old Empress" has gone further. She has de
creed the emancipation of her sex. By a. decree she
has forbidden foot binding, and from- her genius a
flash of light has illuminated farthest Cathay."
She has received the foreign; legations in the.For
bidden City and the sacred palace. .She has admitted
the wives of the foreign Ministers, replied to an ad
dress by Mrs. Conger, wife of our Minister, made s
her presents and sat with the ladies at tea. She has
broken the exclusiveness of the .Manchus. Hereto
fore the Manchus never went abroad. Chinese'were'
forbidden to intermarry- with them. They were the
stern and narrow rulers of the empire." Ignorant of
the world, self-poised, self-sufficient. The Empress
Dowager has broken their power. They are com
manded to«educate their sons abroad, to permit inter
marriage with .the Chinese, and are practically put on
a level with the rest of the empire in its government.
For years the Chinese proper have known the rest of
the world, its laws, its civic institutions and its people. ¦;
They have furnished, to China its great and learned^
men, Li Hung (Chang, Marquis Tseng, . Wu Ting
Fang, Ho Yow and others. Their ideas of regenera
tion and progress have been restrained by the narrow
Manchus. / .
Chinese royal -exclusiyeness and- austerity have
been forever banished. The kowtow is no more.
The Empress Dowager has won the title of the most
powerful and remarkable woman in the world. Her
statecraft has done what all the Western armies might
have wrought upon in vain.
THE greatest events in the new -century have
taken place in Peking, since tile return of the
court to that capital. /
DAYBREAK IN CHINA.
to respect and'obey them. 'There is really no room;
for argument upon ah: issue of this kind. -Either re-\
peal the statute; or enforce it.
THE S AN Fit ANOISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBH UAH Y M2, 1 902.
GILLESPIE DRAMATICALLY DECLARES
THAT HE DID NOT INTEND TO KILL
6
A2H7SE2LENTS.
Tivoli — '•The Ameer."
Central — "A Young Wife."
Alcazar — "The Rogue's Comedy."
Columbia — "In the Palace of the King."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Raglan's Way."
California — 'The Sign of the Cross."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlns.
Mechanics' Pavilion — Juvenile Fairyland Carnival.
Metropolitan HaU — Piano RecitaL ,
Metropolitan Hall — Song_ Recital Monday evening, Feb. 17.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
I B.KATSCHINSKi
§ PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
I 10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
I Velour Calf or Vici Kid.
m Ladies* Velour Calf or VlcI
n Kid Lace Shoes, made up in latest
¦ style, with medium broad coin to«3
j and tips, straight-foxed, low mili-
3 tary heels and ligrht double soles.
4 with extension edges. Snappy, up-
5 to-date and guaranteed for wear,
i THE PRICE ONLY $1.50 a pair.
ffl Sizes 2& to S, widths C to EE.
Ladles' Tan or Black Vici Kid
extra high cut (8 inches) Lace
Shoes, coin toes and tips, double
soles and low heels. Just the thins
for rainy weather or outings. The
COUNTRY ORDKRS SOLICITED.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
IO THIRD' STREET. < JL
San Francisco. WDENVER, Feb. ll.-The Senate to-day
adopted by a strict party vote the joint
resolution which had already passed the
House appealing to President Roosevelt
to interfere in the British-Boer war In
order that "not a single republic shall
perish from the earth." The three Re
publican Senators voted against the reso
lution.
Want President to Interfere.
STOCKTON, Feb. ll.-Dr. G. A. Shurt
leff, who was superintendent of the Stock
ton Insane Asylum from 1865 to 1883, died
at 5 o'clock this morning in the Yosemito
Hotel, where he - had been | ill for several
years. His malady, was asphasla, a dis
ease of the mind. Dr. Shurtleff was a
member of Stockton's -first Council; was
elected County Recorder in 1855, and in
1S56 and again in 1SS3 was chosen a director
in the State ' asylum. He was an active
member of various medical societies, and
wrote many widely read articles regard
ing the treatment of Insanity. A brother
was formerly superintendent of the Ag
news asylum.
Himself Falls Victim to Dis
ease of the Mind.
Expert on Treatment of Insanity
ASPHASIA CAUSES DSATH
OF DR. G. A. SHURTLEFF
Only Reliable Coal Dealers
Sell Tesla' Briquettes, $9 per, ton. Best and
cheapest fuel for kitchen and grate. Phone
South 85 about them. ' ,,-.. .- •
Are not to be compared to our. new patent
back, flat ¦ opening ; Blank Books,*/ which
cost no more than :the old style and; are
infinitely ¦ better. •."•¦¦ We ':. are 7 agents .for
Berkshire 'f Typewriting: Papers,'- Regal
Pencils* and headquarters for -all office
supplies. -Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
'street. ¦¦¦':'¦¦'" ' .¦¦ '-
The Old Humpbacks
* SOFIA, Bulgaria, Feb>lL— The Mace
donians, utilized the occasion of the'fune^
ral to-day of M. " Katcheff ,• the, Minister of
Public Instruction, who:,was assassinated
on Thursday, last, by ...making a political
demonstration.^ They gathered in consid
erable numbers -. and flred volleys from
revolvers ;:in v all directions. •>¦ As far as
known; no. one .was' wounded, but those
who took* part in "the procession .were
thrown into a panic- . . . •
Fire Pistols at the Funeral.
FLORENCE, -Colo., Feb." 11.—Thirty
two' Japanese: -laborers, '-.imported .-from
Wyoming f and California by - the Victor
Fuel Company, to work-in the Chanler
coalmine at Coal Creek, arrived here to
day. All > the.,1 white miners employed
there went on* strike to protest against
the action of the company, and they say
they will - keep ' the Japanese . out of the
camp if possible. .
Miners Threaten the Japanese.
PARIS, Feb. 11.— Mile. Jeanne de- Vil
leneuve has been appointed secretaflr/of
the French Consulate .. General In ¦ New
York. Mile, de Villeneuve, who belongs
to an old family of Provence, has been a
Government clerk for .: nine years. Her
appointment, which was made by the
Foreign Minister, M. Delcasse, ¦' marks a
new departure, as it is believed to be the
first time a woman has been appointed -to
a post in the diplomatic service.
Woman In Diplomatic Service.
. Mrs. Stanford is , expected to • return
from the East to-morrow, and will prob
ably then make known the plans for the
proposed library and for other improve
ments soon to be started.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 11.—
An . immense library is the latest proba
bility in the building up of Stanford Uni
versity. President Jordan hag announced
IJiat such a building will be erected and
will have a capacity of 1,000,000 volumes.
The present large library, the gift of
Thomas Welton Stanford of Australia,
¦will continue to be used . as a storehouse
for the general reference works used by
the undergraduates.
Great Library for Stanford.
We applaud your efforts with rejrard to the
canal and we will help you efficaciously. The
future of Colombia Is Involved, and Colombians,
particularly those of ' the . Isthmus, hope | and
trust that the purpose of your patriotic labors
wlll.be realized. V ; x * '¦-','. '¦": '¦¦'•,
At a meeting held here' this afternoon
many inhabitants of Panama, who are
Prominent politically and socially decided
to send the following message to Minister
Silva: ;¦•;¦¦'". ; -1- ,/¦ *¦';'.; ."> ", " " ¦ :-¦ C '
Our natrlotlsm resents the stipulations agreed
uoon for the transfer of the canal In the form
thev have been communicated. By renouncing
her sovereignty, and permitting a foreign power
in her territory Colombia consummates an
Imominlous humiliation toward Panama, ¦ her
rn^st precious Jewel. -. It would be preferable
that the undertaking should fall to paying so
dearlv for it. The 'inhabitants of the Isthmus
protest with ' Indignation against - such nego
tiations. - - ARJONA. ,
PANAMA, Feb. 11.— Considerable . ex
citement has been caused by the publica
tion of the proposed protocol regarding
the Panama canal which has been nego
tiated in Washington. Acting Governor
Ariona of the department of Panama has
Sfbied the following to the Colombian
Minister at Washington, Dr.. Martinez
Silva:- -\ -' : ' . . v:.. ¦
for Canal Transfer.
Resents Stipulations Agreed Upon
GOVERNOR ENTERS A PROTEST.
CAHTO, Feb. 11.— For seven days past
heavy rains have been falling . and great
damage is being done by floods to ranches
and other property. Mails are - delayed
forty-eight hours."*
FRESNO, Feb. 11. — There have been
several showers to-night, and the indica
tions are that there will be considerable
rain before morning.
STOCKTON, Feb. 11.— Rain began fall
ing here shortly before 1 o'clock this aft
ernoon. ' It was ushered in by a strong
wind' from the south, and there is , evi
dence that a protracted storm is coming.
SAN- JOSE, Feb. 11.— Heavy showers
have fallen here ; at . intervals since 7
o'clock. • ' "- ¦ V - . ¦
¦LOS ANGELES, Feb. 11.— The rainstorm
has not yet . extended this far south.
in Round Valley.
Heavy Precipitation Causes Damage
WIND, BAIN AND FLOOD.
It was hardly anticipated, however,
that the response would be so sponta
neous or of such dimensions. Fifty-three
million dollars Is more new business
than many of the larger companies have
hitherto been able to write in the course
of twelve months. Should the present
rate of new Insurance keep, up for the
year the New York Life will secure $300,
000,000 in new paid- for policies, a figure
so far in advance of anything hitherto
achieved that there is no opportunity
for comparison.
In his report made at the beginning of
the year, Air. McCall foreshadowed the
era of insurance activity now prevailing.
He insisted that the old style of man
agement which was disposed to quibble
over the settlement of claims, and which
denied the right of the insured to loans
and surrender values on demand, must
give wav to more liberal ideas, and also
that an open record of all transactions
of the year should be furnished annually
to the insured.
The announcement Is made to-day on.
the occasion of the celebration of the
tenth anniversary of the election of the
Hon. John A. McCall to the presidency
of the New York Life Insurance Com
pany. Insurance men and financiers ad
mit that this is one of the strongest In
dications of the general prosperity of the
country that has been presented since
the dawn of the new year. President
McCall Is being showered with telegrams
and letters of, congratulation from offi
cials and agents of the New York Life
all over the land.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.'— Fifty-three mil
lion dollars of new insurance policies
in the first six weeks of the year is the
astonishing high-water record announced'
by one of the foremost life insurance
companies.
able Record.
Companies Makes a Remark-
FIPTY-THBEE MILLIONS
IS SHOWN POLICIES
Cue of the Foremost Iafe Insurance
Clouds of sand picked up by the gale
were - carried across the country with
fearful force, and at Wadsworth, Deseret,
Thistle, and other towns business was
practically suspended all afternoon, it be
ing almost impossible for one to breathe
while facing the drifting, whirling walls
of dust. At Deseret and Mirage the sand
rilled the air to such an extent that the
suti was obscured and lamps were neces
sary.
At Humboldt House, about forty miles
west of Winnemucca, the few persons
wno ventured out of doors beheld a pecu
liar sight. About eight miles south of
the town is a mountain rising abruptly
from the sandy desert The wind, sweep
ing across the flat country, caught the
scow of this hill and seemed to stretch it
out for two or three miles from the slopes.
Through occasional breaks in the clouds
of dust across the plain between the town
and the mountain the middle slopes could
be seen, apparently swept bare of snow in
a few hours by the terrific force of the
wind. The storm to-night shows but little
sign of abating.
FORT TOWNSEND, Feb. 11.— Captain
Kalstrom of the steamer Alice Gertrude,
arriving from Neah Bay this morning,
reports that the most furious storm of
the season prevailed down the straits and
off Cape Flattery last night. The wind
was from the southeast- and of hurricane
force. Towboats with vessels in tow were
untble to make headway and were com
pelied to seek shelter, while many sailing
vessels off Flattery, awaiting a chance to
get in, were driven far out to sea. No
casualties were reported, but shipping
men fear that • some of the vessels will
meet mishap, as most of them are in
ballast. ¦ .
RENO, Nev., Feb. 11.— Since early this
morning the wide stretch - of desert in
.Western and Central Nevada, has been
swept by a windstorm that at times ap
proached the proportions of a hurricane.
At several points on the Central Pacific,
between Reno and Elko, the - wind blew
at the rate of eighty miles an hour.-
Though no -serious damage to property
has been reported, It delayed trains,- pros
trated telegraph wires and long stretches
of railroad are buried in sand.
He thought the co-operation of the
liquidator of the old company with the
new should be accepted as a proper guar
anty from that company as to its posi
tion, and held the opinion that no appre
hension need be felt on that score. \ He
expressed the further opinion that any
trouble that might arise over the right of
¦way could be encountered in dealing* with
a Central American Government, but
said this trouble Is as probable In dealing
with Nicaragua and Costa Rica, for the
Nicaragua . route, as with Colombia in
dealing with the Panama' route.
In reply to questions Pascoe said he
understood that there are now two gen
tlemen In the South American republic
for the purpose of co-operating with the'
Minister from that country in granting
the necessary concessions for the con
struction of the Panama canal - by the
United States. •¦ • ¦ ' - . .
Pascoe was questioned at length by Sen
ator Morgan as to the effect of the varl
out treaties between the United States
and other powers relative to the canal and
also as to the bearing of the French laws
on the proposed transfer, the result be
ing that Pascoe and Morgan disagreed
on most of those points. Senator Morgan
also sought to bring out the fact that a
concession of only ninety-nine years in
the way of a lease, such as has been given
to the Panama Company by the Colom
bian Government, would'not be sufficient
to meet the demands of the United States
in case the proffer, of sale by the present
Panama Company should be accepted^by
this country, and Pascoe agreed with him
on that point, adding his opinion that a
concession in perpetuity could be secured
from Colombia. He assented to a sugges
tion made by Senator Foster of Louisiana
that investigation of title in - France
might be necessary in case the^purchase
should be decided upon, but added that
such an Inquiry would not be a serious
undertaking. • ::
/ WASHINGTON, Feb. 1L — Former
United States Senator Samuel * Pascoe,
now a member of the Isthmian Canal
Commission, testified before the Senate
Committee on Interoceanlc Canals to-day
that he had carefully investigated, ihe
proposition made by the new Panama Ca
nal Company for the sale of the Panama
Canal rights, and that he was fully con
vinced that under the French laws and
the usages in the French court, that com
pany has a valid right to the canal, and
could therefore make a transfer to the
United States which would hold in law.
Terrific Gale Sweeps
Across the Nevada
Desert.
Former Senator Testifies
Before the Canal;
Committee.
CLOUDS OF SAND
OBSCURE THE SUN
SAYS THE LAW
BEARS 10 BAB
• Resolved. That we, the Chamber of Com
merce of Portland, do hereby most respectfully
and earnestly petition the President of the
United States and the Oregon delegations at
Washington, D. C. to use their utmost efforts
to induce the Congress to enact legislation so
as to grant unrestricted entrance Into th«
United States to all merchants and members
of the mercantile class of China, such as sales
men, clerks, buyers, bookkeepers, accountants,
managers, bankers and cashiers.
Whereas. There are now pending in the na
tional Congress of the United States at Wash
ington certain bills which we believe may be
construed to so restrict the entrance of the
mercantile class of China into the United
States as to be harmful to our mercantile In
terests;' and -whereas : the trade of the port
of Portland with the Chinese empire Is of- great
and Increasing importance; and whereas, for
the proper conserving and promoting of this ex
change of commodities we believe it is of the
utmost importance that all facilities of com
merce and the courtesies due to a friendly na
tion be extended, particularly to that class of
the Chinese empire which operates, controls
and has in Itself the means and power of fur
thering this trade, which, under favorable con
ditions and by assistance of a broad Govern
ment policy, is destined to assume vast pro
portions in the future. Therefore
Commerce. / •
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 11.— At a nieetlnar
of the Portland Chamber of Commerce to
day the appended resolution, favoring un
restricted admission of Chinese mer
chants, was passed without a dissenting
vote:
the Portland Chamber of
Resolution Unanimously Adopted by
DECLARES FOR ADMISSION
OF CHINESE MERCHANTS
. SANTA MONICA, Feb. 1L— The sale for
$500,000 of the Klnney and Dudley tract,
comprising: more than a mile and a quar
ter of valuable water front, has been con
cluded. The purchasers are A. R. Fraser,
G. M. Jones and associates, who acquire
167 acres of land. Including improved lots,
a recently built clubhouse and racetrack,
and water works supplying the tract.
Mile and a Quarter in
Length.
Capitalists Buy. Water Front Tract a
HALF MILLION DOIXABS
TOE SAUTA MONICA LAND
Grading was begun to-day near this
city on two new railroads. One Is the
Fboenix and Eastern, to be built from
this point to Eenson. The other is the
El Paso. Phoenix and California South
ern. The first hundred yards of roadbed
was graded a short distance west of
town in the presence of President M. H.
McCord, Vice President J. J. Hodnett and
Chief Engineer H. R. Patrick.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 11.— The Repub
lican announces authoritatively that ar
rangements have*-been made for the ex
tension of the El Paso and Southwestern
Railroad from Fairbank to Tombstone.
lines Extending: From
Phoenix.
Tirst Dirt Is Thrown TJp on. Projected
GRADERS BEGIN BUILDING
OF TWO NEW RAILROADS
BOY BATTLES FOB LIFE
WITH MADDENED BULL
Tularo County Youth Receives
Wounds That Hay Cause
His Death.
VISALIA, Feb. H.-Charles Howell. a
20-year-old youth living near this city,
had a terrible battle with a bull last night.
The animal attacked him unawares, strik
ing him in the back, knocking him down
and repeatedly; charging upon him. Finally
Howell grabbed the bull by the horns.
The enraged animal raised his head Into
the air with such force as to throw How
ell over the fence Into an adjoining field.
The boy was frightfully wounded and may
not recover. <.,_¦",
Rattler Bites Author James.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 1L— Professor
George "Wharton James, author and ' lec
turer «f New York City, was bitten on
the left thumb by a rattlesnake this af
ternoon. He was given medical attention
within four minutes and to-night is pro
nounced out of danger. The snake was a
big one in a cage and Jaxnes seized It by
the neck to lay it on the ground, so that
he could photograph it. The snake was
too strong for him and loosened Its head
enough to twist around and bite him.
The Bertha was built at Benicia by Mat
thew Turner in 1888. She was 185.5 feet
long, 32.5 of beam and 22.1 in length. She
had a registered tonnage of 926 tons.
During the first night on which the pas
sengers camped on the rock they suffered
no serious inconvenience, but on the sec
ond day a heavy rain set In, with a cold
wind that caused considerable suffering.
On Monday morning they were picked up
by. the Cottage City and brought to this
place. The loss of freight and baggago
by exposure to the elements Was a severe
blow to many of the passengers,' as they
had their last dollar invested in outfits for
the season's prospecting in Alaska,
On the approach of daylight the work of
lightering the vessel was commenced by
landing the horses and other freight. A
kedge was got out and the Bertha was
hauled into water again with the aid of a
donkey engine. As soon as she struck
deep water she began to sink, so she was
swung on to the beach, having lost her
keel, and having a large hole in her bot
tom, forward of the engine room. It is be
lieved that she will be a total loss.
All of the passengers were in bed. The
shock caused great confusion and a stam
pede was made for. the upper deck. Cap
tain Johansen and his officers quickly re
stored order, and on investigation it was
found that the vessel was In such
proximity to the shore that a" gangplank
would reach an elevated rock. The plank
was put into place and the passengers
walked ashore. Later bedding and bag
gage were landed and a camp was made
on the barren rocks.
The Bertha sailed from Seattle for Val
des. She encountered good weather until
Saturday when a storm set in and
on Sunday morning at 12:30 o'clock the
vessel struck on Harold Island.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 1L—
Another steamship has been added to the
long list of wrecks along,- the Alaskan
shore. The Cottage City, arriving to
night, brought news, of the wrecking of
the Alaska Commercial Company's steam
ship Bertha on Harold, Island, near the
entrance of Fitzhugh Sound, north of
Queen Charlotte Sound.
Suffer Hardships in Improvised Camp
for Two Days Until They Are
Picked Up by the Cottage
• City.-
Lies So Close That Passen
gers Are Landed With
a Gangplank.
This, said the speaker, was shown by
the letter, sent through a firm of lawyers
in London and through Mr. Galletly of
the Bank of Montreal to the company,
in which the writer said he had seen the
treasure.
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb.'lL— At a meet-
Ing of the shareholders of the Pacific Ex
ploration and Development Company,
¦which has sent the treasure hunting ex
pedition to Cocos Island, Chairman H. H.
Jones to-day told of an offer that had
been made by Rear Admiral Palllser, for
merly In command on this station, to send
a man to guide the expedition to the hid
ing place of the pirates* loot In return for
a quarter of the buried millions for him
self and a twentieth for the man sent as
guide.
Rear Admiral Palliser had been with
one of the warships that went to Cocos
Island to search for the treasure. Accord-
Ing to his letter the sailors dug until thty
came to the planks and slabs which cov
ered the hidden gold. Then a half-ton of
dynamite was taken ashore and the whole
face of the rock blown out, ¦ hundreds of
tons of rock being thus hurled down to
cover the hiding place of the treasure.
"This was done," explained Chairman
Jones, "because warships are not sup
posed to go on such a mission, and there
would have* been trouble had the Govern
ment known that they had, done so. More
over, as a British warship had turned
pirate and buried the treasure there, if a
warship had taken that treasure from the
island it is easy to Imagine what might
have happened. The sailors had it no
doubt in mind to rebury the treasure
when they found it and as soon as their
time expired with the British Government
they would go out and obtain the loot."
Ejpedal Dispatch to The Call.
Alaskan Craft Strikes
the Harold Island
Given One-Quarter- of
Its Gold.
• ¦ -: t ¦ :
Will Reveal Pirate Cache if
British Rear Admiral
Makes Sensational
Offer. % '
STEAMSHIP
BERTHA ON
THE ROCKS
SAYS HE FOUND
COCOS TREASURE
THE SA^ FRA^NCISCQ CALIi, WEDJSTESD^Y, FEBRUARY 12, 1902.
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
People who conjplain of falling hair as
a rule do not know that It Is the result
of dandruff, -which is caused by a pestif-
erous parasite burrowing up the scalp as
it dig3 down to the sheath in which the
hair is fed in the scalp. Before long the
hair root is shriveled up and the hair
drops out- If the work of the germ Is not
destroyed hair keeps thinning till bald-
ness comes. The only way to cure dan-
druff is to kill the germ, and until now
there has been no hair preparation that
would do it; but to-day dandruff is easily
eradicated by Newbro's Herpiclde, - which
makes hair glossy and soft as silk.
and .Saps the Hair's Vitality.
Burrows TJp the Scalp Into Dandruff
1 ¦ A :_ PESTIEEBOUS GERM.
ggjl^ RACING
-— ~-yjE^' s £*»5qj>Stt IT very Week Day—
\&/ Rain or Shins.
NtiW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Jferry-boat leaves £an Francisco at 12 m. and
12:SO. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved tor
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
lerry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenuo
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Aleo all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13
end 4:45 p. ra. and immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
7
THE GREAT PIANIST.
NEXT SAT. AFTERNOON, FEB. 15;
• . At METROPOLITAN- HALL.
CEATX NOW SELLING AT Sherman &
JCAO Clay's. $2 to CO cents.
..THE FAIRYLAND CARNIVAL..
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
Open from 1 to 11 p. m.
Special Children's Matinee at 3 p. ra.
r .. EXTRA FEATURES TO-DAT.
Columbia Park Club Day; Drum, Fife and
Bugle Corps- Competitive Drill by Three
Companies for a Silver Cup. -
Entry free for Baby Show In Carriages.
Takes place to-morrow.
E\-ery afternoon and evening the Electrical
Ballet by 150 children.
General Admission £5c. Children 10c.
CHUTES ANDJZOO .•"S^gp
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE -CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
THE AMATEURS AND A
FAT LADIES' BOWLING MATCH.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 15, 3 P. M.
Recital A; Angelas Piano Player
. Assisted' by 'the VICTOR TALKING MA-
CHINE and MISS HELEN NIELSEN, so-
prano.
NOTE^ — Admission fn»e by ticket, to prevent
overcrowding-, to be had on application ¦ at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Store. /
AMUSEMENTS.
TO'DAY—EXTKA MATINEE— TO-DAY.
Last 4 ICiBBts — 2 Matinees.
VEOLA ALLEN
And Company. Presenting
"In the Palacejf . the King."
NEXT ATTRACTION.
BEGINXING MOXDAY. FEBRUARY 17. '/.^
WM. A. BRADY'S
Bif production ol the successful Bacollc Drama,
"WAY DOWN EAST."
Seat Sale Opens To-Morrow Morning.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
, FAREWELL NIGHTS OF
EDIA^IIN ARDEN
In His Host Successful Drama,
"RAGLAN'S WAY"
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15e. 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
NEXT WEEK
George Ober la "A TEMPERANCE TOWN."
SPECIAL! FRIDAY AFTERNOON AT 3:15.
SECOND SYMPHONY CONCERT.
(¦Second . Series.) •
PAUL STEIXDORFF, Director.
Seats— SI XA, $1. 75c and 50c. at Sherman.
Clay & Ca'e.
BEEjASCQ **"> THAIES \jfctf0.
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
The Latest New York Dramatic Success,,
A Young Wife
Dcr.'t Miss This Melodramatic Treat.
Full of Thrills and Sensations.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Dnircr EVGS — 10c. 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c
rul'-CS MATINEES ; 10c, 15c. 25c
Next— "AN AFRICAN KING."
fLVM SAT R grA>
Eelasco & Thall Manasera
TO-NMT— ALL TfflS W EEL
Henry Arthur Jones* Brilliant Play.
THEROGUE'S COMEDY]
Special Production — Costly Costumes. ;
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY!
Seats on Sale Six Days In Advance.
PRICES 15c, 25c, S5c, 50c and 75c
Next— "THE ORD2NTAL EXPRESS."
MATINEE TO-DAY (Wednefifiay). Feb. 12.
¦p&TQ'jet, a=y seat, 25c: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
fires, ar.y part except reserved, 10c -.' _ j
VAUDEVILLE AMBROSIA!
Mary BForman; Dsmpssy and Hack
Company; 3 Harvelous Jlerrills:
Winchennaa's Sears; Bcs? and
Jeannette; Adelina Boatino; Iteicli-
crs.s' Hand-Balancing Dogs; Victor
Jercme, Lottie Fremont and Harry
T7. "Welch and The Biograph.
EVj^CINGS AT 8 SHARP!
JJATIXKE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
TEE KEIGNING FAVORITE IS
THE
THE KING OF. FUN-MAKERS.
Kext Opera — "THE SERENADE."
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 50c and 75c
Telephone Eush 0.
THIS TTEEX— SATURDAY MATINEE.
T~ill:am Greet. Presents the Powerful Young
Heroic Actor.
CHARLES D ALTON
In WILSON BARRETT'S Remarkable Drama,
THE SIGN OF THE CROSS.
A MAGXIFTCEKT 5-CEJSTC PRODUCTION.
Note.— Seats for the sec-
ond and last week of The
Sign of the Cross ready
Thursday.
SONG RECITALS
MOVDAT and WEDNESDAY EVENINGS.
k. February 17 and 19.
Eaturday Alternoon ( Washington' •¦ Birthday).
February 22. ¦¦
SINGLE SEAT SALE OPENS
THIS MORNING AT
. - SHERMAN. CLAY & CO/S
Prices, $1, $2, $3.
diSTIi H1M||
- JUDGE WILLIAM G. ' EVVTNG of Chicago.
- 111., a member or the Christian Science Board
• of Lectureship of the First Church of Christ,
. Scientist, in Boston, Ma«., will lecture In
.METROPOLITAN TEMPLE SUNDAY AFTER-
NOON, Feb. !»;. at 3 o'clock: subect, "Chris-
tian Science. Physician and Redeemer." Ad-
. mission Iree and the public cordially Invited.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
! On oce side of these magnificent •
• l r^ hotels is the wholesale and manu- {
lacturera* district — on the other re--
tall Etc res, clubs, railroad and
newspaper oSces, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of tba
<flty— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
| :$2f Curtains, Slj 0 Fine Percales, 9c. :|
, We hare two patterns cf I2.00 ' Lace Curtains , f£s \*J£^ • 0 : - t T^*** Percale* are a large accumulation of %
&» that are 60 inches wide, \% yards long, one . jnFsf d^* J^^/^y M S If M^^ "^ P '' eCeI ° f "^^ ™ *"" D ° dUpU " 5
of the heaviest wide curtains that we have ggL^,^ j^/i 3~ M /SaM/Sljf iL J& ymS$LM/M 0 M "^ "^ pOrti ° nS ° f p!eCW tHaC haT<S been '5
ff ever offered for a special. They come in Mm 1g>^%~S M *$ GMj &/ ;lli S ht3 y !oiIed ; ire our weil-known jf
i 't^b^f"^ an ' ¦CALIFORNIA'S LA R£^_#^^^tfff*«^^^""^ i^^S'cotlgTSr £i£iS J
i «-£?£pr£*!^" Bf.47 -a^^^^^^^^Tw ERICA'S GRANDEST STOR.E, ™ p ££ f^.^ Qq S
I' ¦¦'.'" . • .-". '~ ..v '- . . — •'":-••. .:"• " '—— — — — : — - — s
t Spooia! Mowey-Sayiffaff) Gfoamqes in Numerous Departments |
I of the Big Store forTo^Day's Thrifty Shoppers. I
S. - — : — — — i- •" l ••..,;,• -— - — - — '_ ¦"*¦ ' ' — — — -— — .j $
i Great Sale of FlanneBettes. jm& Gershel's Cloaks, 37c $
| This is. a lot. of several hundred pieces of the good ioc Jpl|f Off $11*00* \
I grade of Flannelettes that we closed ourtrom a mill at less j i n addition to our gmt'Oo* and Smt s«ie .t 37 e on the 'f
5 than it costs to.makethem.it was the close of the manu- Vm^ ,« re j in » -ur* 3*
ff facturing season/and our offer for the balance of this sea- (f W jY doUar * wc offcr for t0 * da7 onl7 *. our rcgu!ar "* of ** i
$ /son's patterns was readily accepted. All new, Tgm Ml I IX Cashmcre Wra PP c " Md Tca Gown $ at c«cti 7 half price i ;.|
I- dainty colorings, and the sale price, per yard ........ * ** 4^\ilT A " * 6 -°° Tea Gowni • 93.oo_ ah $10.00 Tea gowm . $5.00 S
y ~ J : — _J__E_ 1__ ¦ ; r — _ _ jy^Q I *** $7S° Tea Gown8 • 83'75 AH J15.00 Tea Gowns . $7.5O S
5 l#^f^ \^L a \L^ Fvcm 9 for* JT o Extra Cloak Bargains from the *
5 T . , .„ j, a- • t o j- xt 1 tj-i • *%r* : Ji2"Kn~J% /ffll i lVl iiS.oo to $25.00 Jackets . . $7mQ5 |».oo Undenhlrtt . « . S9o 5
¦ Handsome-fllk and lace effects, in boxes . .- . Standing Novelty Valentines, 250 to$1,OQ l\\\ B \\ * * n JZ-ZX. 1 "*, *. . 1~.J~. U
h . . . . I-.;. • • 15O to $3,OO Pretty Cards, each . . . . . . . 1c to Jti /|\ J* * \ $*S- °° to *4 0 - 00 DrcMes • $14'25 U » l« Waisa . . S2.1O &
&* Drops and Hangers, each . . JQo to 25o Lace Valentines, Q faT> 5 S }a 5p 03Ch |\ " ' J5.00 to $8.50 Skirts . . . &3.2S $20 3-4 Coats .. .$9.95 £
| Boy$' V|s^ Goniinuance of Semi-Annuat Gr ° c S He ?s u goprs I
6 W&isis »' s\ ,* j, „ —a «, B IV e tines day oa/e. •»
I 23g* W^ C^^F©# ansl Rug Saie. B est Dry Granuiated Sugar; |
i Th»e are pretty Each season we have to go through our Carpet stock and to - day, 23 g%g% x
* Jm^MM' pick out the patterns that we cannot duplicate or will Ips.:. j
i ¦¦•¦Setc^.^'M IS All not, re-order. UponHhese we make an average reduc- Sand soztp-stryker-. best; « litchen |
g dark and in l! g h t/l^M * g (xM' tionof twenty- five per cent, a' price induccmrnt that closes them out in" short necessity; to-day, iQ OarO... . J
X patterns;dee P sa»or\^nf/U gHfW This loss is a p=nalty' that we must pay to keep our Carpet stock •'• •• •'' "W-" '^ : " — '*>Q° S
i^'^^^^W alw ay . compete and WdaW The tg'sLi-Annil Sale i. now on »«¦*£»-»«, «« «"= J
sf wS£ *::,,;: 1 1 uM $m i^ c^m "Ssldgg^ j '£7'Jz |
g atk. ..... ... . . . 23C d»ig"», wo"h 55= t>« yard; reduced now to close it out jf y/_ for the ume quaHty It other ttora: *
af ! . to. .....................'...... ....'....:..... ™ 2«* r rpi -p • , J»
af 35C RshhOiB ££3C Best Quality o! Tapestry Carpets — Including such popular makes as Roxbury, for th j 3 onl Z\\ on 32 C •*
-. A special purchase of 1500 yards of fancy Stinsons and Sanfords, worth per yard; reduced now to «»£¦_ KonfMrkv Tthrrr wIikVw TSI«» .. «U *
brilliant Taffeta Ribbon, which our buyer , V • f J > £%&C RrenU1Ck y WVCr WfiIS Ky as Old .*
Jtf now in New York has forwarded to us by | ,, . „' " ' ' ," * ' ';." *; ' • • • • • • • * \-' • • • ; • . • ' * * * , T . , as OUT WDHs brand, but a good' S
Jt express, will be placed on sale to-day at a Excellent Hassocks— Made up of Tapestry \Carpets, Body Brussels, Velvets straight whisky; on special sale to- *
-. third less than its market value. It is 4^ and Axminsters, a very special barga'n at this week's price; gS^%^^ day ner gallon
t? inches wide, and comes in eleven pretty cac h «2? *&*& r . {'K c f f WWv't -ml- X
J per yard; sale price to-day... «-#»_, nothing but the best quality of yarn used in these carpets; &tf 4)4) dozen; special to-day St. SO 5
Sf . . ... . . ... . . d&&& worth $1.25 per yard; sale price ...... %pKaHfi%0 Z-^ - *'***** J
x Writinu Paner ffn A ™ toster . Car Pf-? f a EB dcc ? P? e » cffcctive a f d rich *° l °™s>, Nickel-Plated %
5 wrJ"#«tf##«f r-«a§iisw- MBGm in a variety of shades and a good selection of patterns, worth 4*47 tflsfffr •¦--».-—# n^^f.^ *<-» 5
% A good quality of : Writing Paper in the St. $1.25 per yard; sale price .... 911*8110 TOWBi ' RaCKS WCm -J
Jf Tames 'and octavo^ires; m cream, white, Brvssds R u2s _Si ze 60x27 inches, handsome assortment ot patterns, medallion A handsome nickel-plated rack with three 12- £
* . blue or pmk tints; 14 sheets of paper and a 5 , _ . *-, , . ,. / , , , , .... r , • inch arms and adjustable wall plate that can » «•
5 envelopes to match; 500 boxes only ff and Oriental designs, fringed both ends; sale price this week, ~g^ 9fift bescxewed toaay flatsurfece;aregu. mg% J
K on special sale to-day, per box .... BMC each. Jar 25c seller; on Wednesday only f|#lr S
THE EMPORITTM.
THE EMPOBIXJM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE 1 EHFOEITJTI.
AirrjSEJIENTS.
S1 —^ iP^^^^^^
quarter white en- f"^ • || ¦Hjl"" •--*:•; ',1
ameled iron bed | , 3 , m> . | J
We would be pleased to show you our fine stock of Furniture,
Carpets and Draperies and quote you prices. We would be glad to
open an account with you. We do not pay the big Market-street rent
and can save you money.
- Free delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley. We close at 6
except on Saturday. .
T. Brilliant Furniture Co.,
338-342 POST ST., Opposite Union Square.
I A Flash of Light
U In the night— the passing of the swift and luxurious
I California Limited
i gleaming with Its real electric lights. It races from
|J . San Francisco to Chicago In three daysSOME OF THOSE WHO MADE
THE CARMEN'S BALL A SUC
CESS.
OAKLAND. Feb. 1L— Superior Judge
Kenry A. Melvln has been confined to
his bed for some days with an attack of
inflammatory rheumatism.
Superior Judge Melvin Ill.
OAKLAND, Feb. 11.— A deed record'-d
here to-day places Miss Hazel G. Mont
gomery, stepdaughter of the late Arthur
Rogers and daughter of the late million
aire Alexander Montgomery, In control of
her father's estate. The property deeded
to Miss Montgomery includes realty scat
tered throughout the State.
Heiress Comes Into Property.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Feb. 11.
Local traffic on the broad-gauge line
was blocked for four hours, from 5 till
S o'clock to-night, by a wreck near the
Thirteenth-avenue station. The wrecked
train consisted of thirty empty flatcars
returning: from the mole, wnere a load
of dirt had just been dumped. Ten of tne
cars left the track and piled up on the
main line, whence It was necessary to
remove them before passenger trains
could be cot through.
The accident occurred as the engineer
of the freight train put on brakes as he
nearcd the switch. The .impetus of the
rear cars caused those nearest the engine
to "buckle," piling one on top of another
till a third of the train was ditched. The
engine did .not leave the rails.
While the wrecking crew were removing
the debris the 5 o'clock local. from Frult
valc, which was caught on the farther
Fide of the wreck, made trips from Thir
teenth avenue to the end of the line,
the passengers being transferred around
the wreckage from the Incoming locals.
No one was Injured in the accident.
Empty Flatcars Piled on
Main Track Stop Pas
senger Trains.
WRECK BELAYS
LOCAL TRAFFIC
Floor — W. E. Watkins, manager; D. Sher
man. E. M. Skain, X. W. Dutton. B. B. Booth,
A. MrbsIp. George Doolan. F. J. Wallace, W.
Keaver and J. SicKamara.
ArrDngementK — TV. E. Watkins. B. B. Booth,
B. Hanley. J. \V. Smith, W. D. Wtleox and C.
CJark. .
Re.^pticn — G. B. McIIaJe, R. O. vi'atklns.
C. Clark. W. D. Wilcox, D. B. Parker. D.
Hushes. TV. J. BathurEt and J. W. Font*.
OAKLAND, Feb. 1L— The big an
r.ual St.' Valentine's ball of the
Carmen's Social and Benevolent
Society will be given to-morrow
-evening in Heed Hall and will be
the most brilliant of a Ions line of these
events. This is the fifth annual ball, and
the committees that have charge ,of the
sJlair oroxnise that there will be many
now features In decorations and events
during t-e evening.
The most striking portion of the aeco
rbtions will be an undersized electric car,
con'pWo in every detail. It will be seven
lect lon«r by four high, with glass win-.
Oows and front, wheels, trolley and every
thing in the most complete order. It will
be lighted by electric lights, and on the top
will bo the letters "C. S. & B. S.,' f the
ir'tials of the society, and below, "O.
T.." 1 the initials of the Oakland Transit
Ci.Dsnar.y, which owns all of the street
car lines in Oakland. The car -was orig
inally built by the men themselves, but it
was of such a shape that it could not be
Cited to the electric circuit that was to
fotd the lights, and it was entirely rebuilt
at the car shops r.f the Oakland Transit
Cozrpany under the direction of Chief En
gineer J. Q. Brown of the company.
The grand march will begin at 9 p. m.
and dancing will <?nd at 1 a. m., when
Eixcial cars will take the late ones home,
liekets can be had from all carmen.
The Carmen's Social and Benevolent
Society is an Independent organization.
v.-h:ch comprises all cf the streetcar men
In Alameda County. There Is hardly an
employe on any of the lines In Oakland,
Aiarneda or Berkeley that Is not a mem
ber, and it is the strongest organization of
ir en in the county. They give an annual
ball sind care for the members of the or
ranizaticn.
The committees in charge of the event
to-iuorrov.' night are as follows:
OAKLAND, Feb. ll.-The Rev. John
Henry Barrows, D. D., president of Ober
lln College. Ohio, will lecture Thursday
evening before the Y. M. C. A. His sub
ject will be "The World Pilgrimage. With
Experience Serious and Not Serious "
The lecturer will talk before the students
of Mills College to-day, when his subject
will be "The Truth and Comfort of Chris
tian Theism." • -t ¦- - -•. ¦
World Pilgrimage the Subject.
Tully Will Not Lose Eyesight
BERKELEY-f Feb. 11.— Word has" been
received from New York that the Injuries
to R. W. Tully, a' graduate of the -Uni
versity of California, were not so serious
as first thought and his eyesight will not
be. lost. Some weeks ago Tully was struck
by a glass door at. a reception; In- New
York arid his face, was badly cut by, the
shattered glass. One of his eyelids was
cut open and it was thought at first', that
he-would lose -the sight ofthe'eye.
BERKELEY, Feb. 11.— The contract for
the new Berkeley poBtoffice to be erected
by Dr. J. S. Eastman at the corner of
Center and Oxford streets has been let to
Robert Griegg for $16,000. The building
must be finished before May next. It will
be two stories in height and will occupy
nlnety-eight feet on Center street' and
seventy-five feet on Oxford street. The
plans have been drawn by Louis Stone
after the Spanish , style of architecture. \
Berkeley Postofflce Contract Let.
James Holland,' who was Jacobs' land-'
lord, says he has not seen Jacobs for ten
days. | He was then packing up his things,
and. when Holland- asked him what- he
was doing he replied, that he was moving
away and would let him know , his" , ad
dress the next day. Holland says Jacobs
never, came back. , >
OAKLAND, Feb. 11.— The creditors of
Charles Jacobs, who kept a grocery store
at the northwest corner of Brush and
Fifth streets, are anxious to : know ¦ his
whereabouts. They have asked the police
to assist them in learning his address.
They claim that he obtained goods from
them on the pretense that he was going
to sell them and then carried them away
to parts unknown without offering to
liquidate the bills. • . ¦¦ , ¦
He Disappears and They Ask Police
to Assist Them in Learning
His Address.'
CREDITORS OF JACOBS
ARE ANXIOUS ABOUT HIM
BERKELEY,' Feb. 1L— Applications for
street railroad franchises, were received
last night by the Town Trustees from the
Oakland Transit Company. According to
law the franchises will be advertised and
sold to the highest bidder. The bids will
be opened on March 24 at a special meet
ing held for that purpose. The fran
chises asked for are for a line along Ade
line street and Shattuck avenue from the
southerly boundary line of this city to
Berkeley station; from Hearst avenue to
Euclid avenue, to Hiigard avenue; down
University avenue from Shattuck avenue
to Third street, and north along San
Pablo avenue from University avenue to
the town line.
The Transit Company has agreed to be
gin work as soon as granted the fran
chises and to complete the roads within
eighteen months. Work on the road to
West Berkeley will begin first.
Franchise Applications Hecsived.
OAKLAND, Feb. 11.— Gas escaping from
a gas stove nearly robbed Samuel Short,
an extraman In the Fire Department, and
his wife of their lives last night in their
apartments at the corner of San Pablo
avenue and Sixteenth street. Mrs. Short
was using the stove just before she and
her husband retired last night and In
some way one of the cocks became turned
around so that the gas leaked out slowly.
The facts that the gas only escaped in a
Email quantity and that the windows
were open were ail that saved the couple
from losing their lives. When an attend
ant passed their room this morning he
detected the odor of gas and broke open
the. door. He found the couple lying in
a semi-conscious staie. A physician was
called, who restored them to conscious
ness after some difficulty.
conscious From the Effects of
Deadly Fumes.
Samuel Short and Wife Bscome Un-
ESCAPING GAS NEARLY
ROBS COUPLE OF LIFE
A site for the DUlldlng 65x115 feet at th»
northwest corner of Grove and Thirty
first streets was recently purchased by
the directors and now money is needed
for a building to adorn it. . ¦%..;%'
We, the undersigned citizens of the State
of California tor and In consideration of the
advancement ot tiie educational lnteremiH of
this State, do hereby promise to pay. in golfl
coin of tho United States, on or Icuore March
1. 1902. to the Board of JJirectors of the Oak
land College of Medicine and Surgery, a coi
poratlon, duly formtd and existing under and
by virtue of the laws of the fcitate of Cali
fornia, the amounts set opposite our respective
names tor the purpose of the erection. e»
tabllstiing and maintenance of a college build
ing, in the city of Oakla^l. county of Ala
meda and State of California, to be dedicated
and used for the education of the youth of
thi3 State and to be under the management
and control of the Oakland College of Medicine
and Surgery: ' ' '
' F L Adams $1000; Thomas Crellin. $500;
Emil Lundbiom. 5500; A Friend, lf'Jr.0; W. J.
Dingee, $250; James L. McCarthy, $250; I. A.
Beretta. $100; Mra. I. Frank, $200; .A. H.
Breed, $100; Smith Bros.. $150; \V. E^Dargle,
$200. •. -¦ . v
The of the Oakland Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons have
taken the public into their confidence in
their efforts to build a structure for the
housing t)f the new institution; in thia
city. It is desired by the directors of the
corporation that the public shall know
that the new college is not to be a pri
vate one and that the intentions 'of them
selves are not to be kept to themselves.
It is also desired that the public take a
financial interest in the proposed institu
tion, and for that reason a subscription
list has been opened. Already this list
has a number of names written upon it
with substantial figures opposite them.
The subscription contains the following
statement oi purposes and names:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 11.
Doctors Want the People
to Help New Medcal
College.
LET THE PUBLIC
KNOW THE PLANS
BERKELEY. Feb. 11.— S. A Kins nt
London will give a Shakespearean recital
in Hearst Hall Wednesday evenW tmfon!
the students of the State University The
recital will consist of selections " from
Recital From Hamlet.
Coroner Mehrmann Still Very 111.
OAKLAND. Feb. 11.— Dr. H. B Mer-r
mann, Coroner of Alameda County "la
still very ill at his home. By attempting
to get up too soon ; last week he overt
taxed his strength and suffered a relate
His ailment Is Inflammatory rheumatism!
A. J. Morrison, the former cashier of the
Palace Hotel, his wife, who is a sister of
Mxs. Arthur Rogers, formerly Mrs. Alex
ander Montgomery, and his mother-in
law, Mrs. Green, a claimant of various
large properties, were parties to a lively
scrimmage in' Justice Quinn's court this
morning, in the course of which the
women were accused of theft and the
man of railroading his I wife into the in
sane asylum.
The immediate occasion of the quarrel
was a search warrant, sworn out by Mor
rison, for a strong box which he said his
wife and mother-in-law had taken from
his room at 663 Twenty-fourth street.
According to Mrs. Green the box con
tains papers bearing on Morrison's course
in the irregular incarceration of her
daughter in a madhouse. She does not
deny abstracting it from, his room, but
claims that she and her 'daughter had a
right there and were justified in takinr
the papers, which she considers of im
portance in securing her daughter's per
manent release.
When the party came into court ex
citement ran so high that Justice Quinn
was forced to continue the matter until
to-morrow and order all parties to be
represented by attorneys. Morrison at
tempted, to break into the box, but was
warned to desist by Quinn.
-The case is set for 11 o'clock to-morrow
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 1L
Mra A. Morrison Makes
Charges Against Her
HusbaDd.
OUT OF ASYLUM
AND INTO COURT
We ! are agents ¦ for Wlnsor & ( Newton,
makers of the best artists' materials in
the "Aworld. 1 -'". Pyrography machines for
burning wood and leather. Artists' and
architects', supplies of every description.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. ?
Artists' Materials.
Makes a Daily of the "Record."
1 OAKLAND, Feb.- 11.— Lyman; Naugle.
editor, of the Point Richmond Record, has
changed his paper to a daily to meet the
increasing demands of the population and
advertisers. Heretofore - the paper : ¦ has
been ¦ a weekly," but on Saturday 1 last it
made its first appearance as a dally.-.
"i OAKLAND, Feb. 11.— School Superin
tendent • McClymonds has -issued a circu
lar calling for the assemblage. of teach
ers and school children-. in the Common
School Assembly Hall on different dates
to take. part in exercises in honor of the
birthdays of .Washington and Lincoln.
The Rev.' E. R. Dille will address the
teachers and children to-morrow, when
his subject will be Abraham Lincoln. On
February 21 there will be special exer
cises in honor of George Washington. ,
Honor to National Heroes.
A verdict was returned this evening; by
a Coroner's jury that Sieben came to his
death from a gunshot wound inflicted by
himself with suicidal intent.
Sieben had resided in this city for near
ly thirty years. He retired from active
business life some years ago.
Oscar S. Meysel, E. R. Randlett and
William. Hammond St., all particular
friends of the dead man, believe that he
had become insane through worrying over
the ghastly evidence in the Brandes trial
and 'was in that state when he fired the
fatal shot into his brain.
been quite 111 for six months, but his mnntal
trouble, 1 think, dates back to the time ot the
Brandes trial. We have frequently noticed
that he acted strangely, but never had any
reason to believe that he contemplated doing
away with himself. He waited until after I
had left the house this morning and about
8:30 o'clock went into the parlor, stood before
the mirror, so that his aim would be true, and
fired a bullet from an old-fashioned pistol
through his head. My wife, who was In a
rear room, rushed Into the parlor, but Mr.
Sieben was beyond all aid.
Judge Ogden finally declared that, the
citation for . contempt upon Daniels was
discharged and the ¦ litigants left the
courtroom.: The deposition of Daniels
was to have been continued this after
noon.' but- as the j contempt proceedings
occupied the entire day it was continued
until to-morrow. Attorney Snook said
that i he did not know whether he would
permit his client to submit to further in
terrogations from Ach , or not. and - to
morrow will determine this new Issue.
' "In the Levinsky case," said Judge Ogden,
"the refusal of the witness to obey the- sub
pena of a notary public was contempt but
it was not contempt of the court, but. contempt
of the notary. This case is almost identical
with the Levinsky case. | If I had known of
this case this morning when I Issued the cita
tion I would not have issued it. The con
tempt-is confined altogether to the officer who
makes the order, and if there ia any contempt
he is the officer to punish the offense.
"This court has absolutely no. jurisdiction in
this case. If the' affidavit had been made of
castlron it would not have made any differ
ence. This couft has no authority to interfere
in this case." , , *>'
In an attempt -to convince the court
of his position Ach went into a long re
cital of the case and endeavored to show
that all the steps were regular, but Judge
Ogden had discovered the decision in the
Jjevlnsky case and no amount of argu
ment could shake his position. The at
torneys were all familiar with the deci
sion, so the court did not read it aloud,
but confined himself to the statement
that the present case, is parallel with that
of the Levinsky. , . - .
Court Dismisses the Proceedings.
When Mr. Sieben was at the breakfast table
this morning he seemed to be In his usual
frame of mind. He had cause to worry some
what over the condition of his wife, who has
plied Snook, "but you made a bluff and we
called it.".
Sieben was in easy financial circum
stances and his family life was happy.
Adam May, a stepson of the deceased,
said that Mr. Sieben had never made any
threat or intimated to any one* that
he Intended to commit suicide. May«£ur
ther stated:
Whenever any one would hearken to
him, Sieben would invariably revert to
the Brandes trial and in an excited an-1
vivid manner recount with detail the fea
tures In the case that had filled him with
horror and Impressed themselves Indelibly
upon his memory.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 'll.— To Incessant
dwelling upon the grewaome ex
hibit of- skulls and bones and
blood. -curdling evidence intro
?j duced in the Lillian Brandes mur
der case. In which he sorved as a Juror,
the relatives and friends of Philip Sieben
directly attribute his tragical suicide this
morning. " The culmination of his brood
ing over what he had been compelled to
witness > in this case came when he stood
before a - mirror in his home at 1709 Wal
nut street at 8:30 this- morning and fired
a bullet' into, his .head, causing instant
death. . •.-•.¦ ¦.,-..¦ .
A1J the suicide's acquaintances assert
that since he participated in the trial of
William Brandes for the killing of his
little daughter Sieben has been a changed
man. To many of them he had often re
lated how uncanny visions of skeletons
without skulls and skulls without skele
tons would haunt him in his sleeping and
waking hours. Try as he would, he could
not, he said, dismiss the bony specters
from his mind. -
Twice ¦. during the progress of the
Brandes case Sieben suffered strokes -of
nervous prostration and it was found
necessary to delay the trial until he had
recovered strength enough to sit in the
jury box and hear the testimony. As a
Juror Sieben was attentive and conscien
tious and persistently put questions to
the witnesses. After the trial had been
concluded he was forced to take a trip
Into the country for the purpose of bene
fiting his shattered system. The outing
did not improve bis health to any notice
able extent and - bis family and friends
became apprehensive of numerous men
tal vagaries and Irresponsible acts.
Ach insisted that the ' transcript made
the showing he was arguing for, but' the
court would not allow him to proceed
with the reading of • the transcript. : He
then reiterated that he did not desire to
punish Daniels 1 for "contempt, but merely
wanted the books.
•¦¦• Vlf the books are all that are wanted," said
Snook, "you can go to the Enquirer office at
any time and examine them." •.
'.'Then,- Mr. Snook," asked the court, "why
do you advise your client not to bring the
books into court?" -
To this question Attorney Snook replied
that | the books were • open to the stock
holders of the publishing company at any
time. ' . '.-. t . .-v -J '-/':;¦¦' .¦;}--: ¦¦ ¦ \ - ' :•'
"It is shown here," continued "Ach, ¦ Vth'at
Daniels is the president and general manager
of the company, and that he has taken forcible
possession of the books and ordered the book
keeper not : to " allow them to go out of his
possession." ' - ¦ :¦ • , . •. ¦ ¦ .
"Well, admitting that that is so," 'said
Snook, '"you have not "shown -in your affidavit
that Daniels is. in contempt." • -. - ,
' "Well. I'll admit that the < affidavit is de
fective.in some respects. It ;wasn't intended
to cover all the ground that you want us to
cover." . ¦ • / - . .••.,.. ... - .. .. . ¦. ¦ , .;.
••."Of 'course, you- knew it was defective," re-
. At this point Ach submitted in evidence
the transcript of testimony offered before
tho ! Court' Coxnmlssoner, .and proceeded to
read it. ;
j "Iobject to reading any portion of the testi
mony not included in the affidavit," interposed
Snook. "The transcript does not Ehow .that
the bqpks were in the custody. of Daniels."
Objects to Reading the Testimony.
. "The affidavit surely: don't say where the
books are," said the court. "We must certainly
have things explicit before we send a man! to
Jail." . : •"
"The custody of the books, according to the
affidavit," said Snook, "shbws that they were
only in the possession of the defendant on
February 11 and at no previous time. There is
nothing. to show where they are. If my client
is to be sent to Jail by the mere recital ¦ in
that affidavit that he has them I think. we
would all be going to Jail soon."
"Well, it would, not delight ur to see Daniels
In Jail, but If he haa those, books we want
them, if possible,'.' replied Ach. • ., ,
To settle the question of the reason for
the non-productton of the books Attorney
Snook called Daniels to the witness-chair
to ask him some questions. But he- was
not allowed to answer, as the court sus
tained an objection. Snook pointed out
the fact that the affidavit on which the
citation was based did not state the exact
time the contempt. took place. \
"We don't know whether he . did or not.
We are trying to find out that from the books.
That's why we. 'want them produced. If these
men -who voted, this salary were bona flde
stockholders this diversion of funds against the
protest of any other stockholder was clearly
a fraudulent act.','
"Let us not argue the ca£>e now at any
rate," said Snook. "I hope your Honor will
not prejudge the case before we have a chance
to be heard."
"All I want," said Ach, "Is the books of
this 'concern and the/answers of this defend
ant.- We are not. here to have anybody im
prisoned for „ contempt. We simply want to
gfct.a ruling on this; important matter. The
oijly Issues are the two I have stated. We
want to settle the question right now whether
our questions will be answered or not."..
"Well. I won't agree that the issues In
volved here are other than those that reicte
to the books as set forth in your affidavit,"
ealfl Snook. ', •'
"Your Honor," said Ach, "I was willing that
no punishment should follow the disposition
of this case, but if counsel will not concede
anything to us we'll proceed in the strict legal
way and endeavor to have Daniels punished."
¦"You're very ¦ dramatic, Mr. Ach," retorted
Snook, "but that doesn't scare us nt all. We'll
proceed in the strict legal way, If you please."
Vital 1 Issues Are Involved.
"The complaint alleges that the directors
voted on December 13. 3898. to pay Daniels a
salary of $5oo a month from the time . they
got control of the paper February 5, 18l»S,"
said Ach. ''It is Illegal in this State for any
director ¦ to ' vote himself back salary or any
salary.
-^"It is not alleged that he drew the salary,"
said the court. ;- * •'. .
"We will show that they are," said Ach.
"I .- disagree with you," replied Attorney
Ach. * "I think on the showing we have mad<>
that we are entitled to an accounting and an
injunction.-" :'-'.
"'All the, stockholders are directed to ac
count?"-queried'the court.
"Pardee - and Dalton are not stockholders,"
interposed Attorney Snook. ,
"It Is our contention that they are," 'said
Ach. "We claim they nre the real owners."
"But they are not stockholders," replied
Snook. : ' ' • '•
When the. matter was called In the aft
ernoon Judge Ogden spent a half-hour In
acquainting himself with the complaint
before allowing Attorney Ach to proceed
with the presentation of his case. Ach
then read the section of the code under
which the taking of the deposition is au
thorized. "
"M. de Li Hadley !s the secretary of the
Enquirer Publishing Company," continued
Ach, "and has been called upon to produce
certain books which should be In 'his posses
sion. ¦ He . has • not produced these because
Daniels has forbidden that any books be taken
from the office. Daniels has the bocks in his
possession and he refuses to give them up.
We - want to show that Daniels, Pardee and
Daltcn are the sole owners of the Enquirer
and that they have been diverting Its funds."
"In what respect," asked the court, -'is all
this material? This is an action by a minority
stockholder for an accounting, as I understand
it." . •- . .
"It Is not material, but it is merely stating
the facts that lead up to the cause of - this
action." • . -.
Attorney Snook, representing the de
fendant, took exception to this jino of ar
gument and :fcaid, it^had*-not been, shown
that the plaintiff was'entitled to "any: re
lief. • ¦ . • •••¦ -
Refuses to Produce Books.
OAKLAND, Feb. 11.— G. B. Daniels of
the Enquirer < Pubiishing Company, who,
with Dr. George C." Pardee," Henry C. Dal
ton and others, is' being sued by D. Ed
ward Collins > for an accounting, . was
purged of contempt . of . court to-day , for
refusing>to answer the questions put to
him by Attorney Henry Ach before Court
Commissioner^ George C. Babcock. The
whole preceding depended upon the ques
tion of Jurisdiction. Judge Ogden decided
that' his court does' not have jurisdiction
in cases of depositions. "If there was any
contempt," he said, "it is the Court Com
missioner who is offended, and it devolves
upon him to punish the offender— if he
can." -; *'
-The fate of Daniels wa3 decided by the
ruling of the Supreme Court in' tha case of
Levinsky, a defendant in Contra Costa
County, who was haled before the Supe
rior Court for refusing to answer the
questions of a notary public. There the
court held that the Superior Court had
no juri8Giction to punish, and that the de
fendant was in contempt only to tne no
tary, who naa no power to punish disobe
dience of his rulings. Judge Ogden held
that the Levinsky case and tne Daniels
case, was Identical, with the exception
that in one case the referee was a notary
and in the other a Court Commissioner. -
This ' decision means that Uaniela and
the others" do mqi have to answer any
more question in deposition taxing unless
they wish, - ' •
The' day began with the issuance of a
citation by Judge Ogden commanding
Daniels to show cause why he refused to
answer certain questions and why he re
fused to produce the books ani documents
of the Enquirer Publishing Company be
fore the Court Commissioner, 'me cita
tion, which was made returnable at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon, was based on the
affidavit or Attorney J. B. Richardson for
the plaintiff. Court Commissioner Bab
cock also swore to a certification setting
forth that Daniels had refused to comply
with his rulings.
Party if Any One.
Decides That the Commis
sioner Is tha Offended
Judge Ogden Purges Him
of Charge of Con
tempt of Court. -
DANIELS SCORES
A LEGAL POINT
TINY ELECTRIC CAR IS CONSTRUCTED
AS A DECORATION FOR THEIR BALL
Carmen's Social and Benevolent Society of Oakland Will Enjoy a Jolly St.
Valentine's Dance in Reed Hall, It Being Their Fifth Annual Event of the
Kind-Committees Intend That the Affair Shall Be the Best Ever Held
MRS. PETERMAN
ADJUDGED SANE
Court Settles Fight Over
Guardianship of Big
Estate.
Erstwhile Incompetent Now
to Resume Control of
Salt Lands.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 11.
The legal entanglements over the guard
ianship of the person and property of
Mrs. Mary Peterman, whose estate in
cludes large tracts of salt-producing
marsh land near Mount Eden, were un
raveled to-day by Judge Ellsworth re
storing, the aged woman to competency.
The proceedings leading to this result
were Instituted by Henry I* Peterman,
who also had his mother declared incom
petent a year ago and himself appointed
as her guardian. A petition was before
the court in the hearing just concluded In
which the other sons and the daughters
of Mrs. Peterman re<juested the removal
of Henry as guardian and the appoint
ment of some one else in # hls stead. Oa
the witness stand to-day these protest
ants withdrew the statements made in
the petition and joined in the request to
have their mother restored to compe
tency.
Commenting on the contradictory na
ture of the evidence before him. Judge
Ellsworth said that he thought Mrs. Pe
terman a good deal more competent than
several other witnesses in the case and
that with proper outside advice she ought
to be able to attend to her business.
The property involved was originally
worth about $50,000 to the estate, but is
now heavily lncumbered. The marsh
lands were at one time leased, to the
Federal Salt Company, but it has been
prevented from deriving revenue from
them by suits begun by Henry Peterman
as his mother's guardian, charging that
the lease was obtained by undue influ
ence. These actions are still pending.
Henry Peterman claims that negotia
tions are now pending which will clear
the estate and leave hi3 mother a good
income, amounting to about $1500 a year.
The original lease from the Federal Salt
Company was for $500 a year, and it wa3
this that caused the incompetency pro
ceedings about a year ago.
LANDERS STEVENS INFLICTS
SERIOUS WOUND ON" HIMSELF
OAKLAND, Feb. 1L— Landers Stevens,
the manager of the Dewey Theater, is
confined to his bed with a very serious
wound in his right leg, accidentally in
flicted by himself after the performance
of the 'Blue and the Gray" last evening.
Mr. Stevens was trying to drag from its
sheath a blade of a sword cane. "When
the blade, was finally drawn it stuck into
his right leg, and the actor-manager is
now in bed, trying to ward off a case of
biood-polsoning. The blade wa3 rusty,
and it is feared that it may have infected
the wound.
"The worst of it all is that it was done
after the performance, and even my own
company thought that I was fooling,"
said -Mr. Stevens. "I have a sword com
bat in the play, but there was no such
luck as to have it happen during that
fight."
Mr. Stevens wfll be compelled to remain
in bed for some time, and it has been
found necessary to change the bill for
next week and put on "Romeo and
Juliet", because of this accident.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
Grisly Things That Silently Told Lillian Brandes
Fate Gibe at Philip Sieber Until He Calls
Upon: Death for Relief From Mental Torture
GHASTLY EXHIBITS IN MURDER
CASE HAUNT JUROR TO SUICIDE
JUROR IN THE BRANDES
MURDER CASE ,WHO COM
MITTED SUICIDE.
8
THE SAN FJR#NG^^ '19Q2?
This preparation la called Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets and It Is claimed that one of these tab-
lets or lozengea will digest from SOO to S00O
times its own weight of meat, eggs and other
wholesome food. And this claim has been
proven by actual experiments In the following
manner: A - hard boiled egg cut Into small
pieces was placed In a bottla containing warm
water heated to ninety-eight degrees (or blood
heat), one of these Tablets was then placed in
the bottle and the proper temperature main-
tained for three hours and a half, at the end of
'which time the egg waa as completely digested
as it would have been In a healthy stomach.
This experiment was undertaken to demonstrate
that what it would do in tha bottle It would
also do In the stomach, hence its unquestionable^ 4
value In the cure of dyspepsia and weak diges-
tion. Very few people are free from some form
of indigestion, but scarcely two will have the
same symptoms. Some will suffer most from
distress after eating, bloating from gas In the
stomach and bowels, others have acid dyspepsia
or heartburn, others palpitation or headaches,
sleeplessness, pains in chest and under shoulder
blades, extreme nervousness as In nervous dys-
pepsia, but they all have same cause, failure to
properly digest what Is eaten. The stomach
must have rest and assistance, and Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets give it both, by digesting the
food for it and in a short time it is restored to
Its normal action and vigor. At same time the
Tablets are so harmless that a child can take
them with benefit. This new preparation has
already made many astonishing cures, as for
Instance, the following:
After using only .one package of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets I have received such great and
unexpected benefit that I wish to express my
sincere gratitude. In fact It has been sis
months since I took the package and I have not
had one particle of distress or difficulty since.
And all this In the face of the fact that the
best doctors I consulted told me my case was
Chronic Dyspepsia and absolutely. Incurable, as
I had suffered twenty-live years. I distributed
half a dozen packages among my friends here
who are very anxious to try this remedy.
Mrs. Sarah A. Skee!3.
Lynnvllle, Jaspar Co.. Mo.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by drug-
gists everywhere at 60 cents for full sized
packages. A little book on Stomach Diseases
mailed free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co.
These remedies are combined In lozenge form,
pleasant to take, and will preserve their good
qualities indefinitely, whereas all liquid medi-
cines rapidly lose whatever good qualities they
may have had aa soon as uncorked and exposed
to the air.
New Medicine.
Of new discoveries there is no end. but one of
the most recent, most remarkable and one
which will prove Invaluable to thousands of
people, is a discoverey which it is believed will
take the place of all other remedies for the
cure of those common and obstinate diseases,
dyspepsia and stomach troubles. This discov-
ery >a not a. loudly advertised, secret patent
medicine, but ia a scientific combination of
wholesome, perfectly harmless vegetable es-
sences, fruit salts, pure pepsin and bismuth.
Peculiar Power Possessed by a
A TEST EXPERIMENT,
AJ5VEE.TISE2KEE1TTS.
Food nourishes the
whole system and
provides for a perfect
and normal develop-
ment.
Send for a free sample of MellirCs Food.
Meliin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
iYicl'lm s
¦A. T JaL JL A J3L JR. JR. a, wDARING CHINESE HIGHBINDERS KILL
THEIR VICTIMS IN BROAD DAYLIGHT
TWO CHINESE MURDERERS
AND A VICTIM OF A CELES
TIAL'S HATE.
Pictures and Frames.
January,' this ¦ year, has been the best
January we have ever known in the frame
business. Our new moldings please every
body/that has seen them, both in style
and price. Any one wishing to* buy either
pictures or frames should see the new
things at our store. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. *
'The members of the. Pacific Union Club
are seriously discussing the plan of erect
ing a building of their own on the north
east corner of Post and Stockton -streets.
The property that they wish to buy is
owned by Arthur Rodg-ers, the well-known
attorneyof this city. ¦;- • _,
i Many of the members of the cjub are
not satisfied with their present quarters
and for several , months there have been
reports- that : the club would move from
its present location. Should the club gain
possession of the property mentioned, a
handsome building will be erected on it.
ing 1 Site and Erecting Fine
Modern Home. - ,
I •¦¦,... : .
Members Discussing Plan of Secur-
NEW BUI__I>INCr SUGGESTED
FOB PACIFIC UNION CLUB
.All the officials of th« Southern 1 Pacific
Company who also hold positions with
the Market-street- Railway Company have
been notified by President E.'H. Hatri
man that they must sever their connec
tions with the latter^ corporation. As a
result they have all handed in their resig
nations • to the Market-street road with
the exception of R. P. Schwerin, the man
ager of the purchasing department for
both roads. President Harriman, allowed
him to hold both positions as a matter
of policy. . ¦ Y •;-. ,
The executive committee of the board of
directors of the Market-street Railway
will meet to-morrow, and it is definitely
known that the first business brought up
will be the acceptance of the resignations.
Those who are affected by the new order
of President Harriman are W. F. Herrin,
chief counsel; Dr. M. Gardner, who
holds the position of chief
surgeon; David R. Sessions, claims
attorney; Captain N. T. Smith, treasurer,
and Major J. M. Hanford, paymaster.
These officials have all sent in their resig
nations, deciding that when it , comes to
real business the Southern Pacific, with
Harriman at the, wheel, is the best of the
two corporations to stay with.
Scb.werin.'s Aid Desired.
The diplomatic hand of Harriman is
shown by his graciously consenting to al
low R. P. Schwerin to still act as pur
chasing agent for both roads. His reason
for allowing Schwerin to remain is solely
for business motives. President Harri
man, after due consideration of the mat
ter, decided that should. Schwerin resign
from the Market-street Railway his suc
cessor would possibly not be as friendly
with the Southern Pacific. The street-car
corporation receives : annually vast
amounts of supplies from the East over
tho Harriman roads, and the big railroad
magnate, with a clear . eye for freight
business, decided that with Schwerin still
purchasing agent there would be no fear
of any of this freight business going
over the Santa Fe lines.:
Benefits Expected to j Result.
A prominent railroad man said that
the resignation of the officials connected
with both corporations is simply the out
come of the new ownership of the South
ern Pacific. He explained that in the old
Huntlngton days' the two companies wer<j
owned by the same Interests, but to-day
the stock Is held by entirely different cap
italists, who have nothing in common. . .
"I think it is a very wise move on the
part of President Harriman," he said.' "it
is a bad policy for two companies- that
are so extensive as the Southerir Pacific
and the Market-street Railway to transact
their business together under the same
roof and attended to by the same officials.
These resignations are no surprise to me
and I think the change will be of great
benefit to both corporations. >
Exception Is Made in the Case of
Purchasing Agent Schwerin
for Important Business •
Reasons. : '
Southern Pacific Employes
Resign Market-Street
: \: Posi'ions.
m LONDON, Feb. 11.— King Edward's first
'levee since his accession "to .the- throne
.;\yas held at: St. V James Palace at noon
. to-day and was an exceptionally brilliant
function. The Prince of Wales, the Duke
of Connaught; and other, members of the
royal family were present and members
of the diplomatic corps, cabinet -officers
and naval and military officers were pres
ent. . ¦-.'•¦ : . .->-;¦_ ; . \ ¦;¦ ¦ ¦;-.. - ¦' ¦ ¦-
.'¦ The King, who wore a field marshal's
- uniform,' ; drove j from Marlborough j House
to the garden entrance of the palace,
escorted by; Life Guards. On his arrival
there his. Majesty was received by the
high officers, of the household and was
conducted- by ,the Lord Chamberlain and
Lord Steward to the royal ' retiring-room,
where he was subsequently joined by the
other members of tne royal family. A
procession was then formed and proceeded
to thePthroneroom, where the members
of the royal family took up | positions | on
the left of his Majesty in order of pre-.
cedence. - . ' - > \
The levee began with a' reception of the
Embassadors, who passed before his
Majesty in order of precedence, followed
by their secretaries. and> the . naval and
military attaches, subsequently taking a
stand by. the side of the members of the
royal family. The i Cabinet Ministers and
others entitled to the privilege of being
present followed the diplomats and, final
ly, the generals company, .including 'Alli
son Armour of Chicago and Charles Gib
son of Boston, passed before the King.
i As Prince of Wales King Edward merely
bowed to the presentees or shook hands
with intimate friends, but to-dav a new,
feature was introduced. All those who
were known to his . : Majesty kissed his
hand, though they did not kneel, as was
customary when kissing the late Queen
Victoria's hand. The King himself select
ed those who were -to kiss his hand by
extending his hand palm downward,
whereupon- the presentee placed his own
hand beneath his Majesty's and - kissed
the King's hand on the back. The ma
jority of the presentees, therefore, had to
be contented with a simple; bow. Crowds
of peoole witnessed the arrival and de
parture of those who attended the levee.
Distinguished Personages
Gather at St. James
Palace.
Harriman Wants His Men
to Labor Exclu siyely
for Him."
Sovereign of Great 'Brit
ain Holds Brilliant
¦ lievee.
CANNOT WORK
ON TWO ROADS
AT ONE TIME
KING'S FRIENDS
KISS HIS HAND
NEW ,j YORK, Feb. \ 11.— The ; schooner
which was burned to the water's edge off
a point north of Cape May last night was
the Mary Graham, 195 tons, from Norfolk
to New York. The crew is safe, having
rea.cn ed , her e '¦ late this afternoon. ' ¦
Escape From Burning Schooner.
DENVER, Feb. 11.— A special to the
News from Lajara, Colo., says that Per
felio Gallegos, a prominent and wealthy
sheep owner, was murdered on Cat Creek,
fifteen miles west of Lajara, while taking
supplies to his sheep camp. The murder
ers are unknown, but the tragedy is I be
lieved to be the result of ill feeling be
tween the cattle and sheep men of that
section. * ,
Sheep Owner Is Murdered.
REDDING, Feb. 11.— The ten families
of Dunsmuir that were rendered ; home
less by. the flood have begun the work
of- getting- out whatever of value re
mains in their houses. In some of the
dwellings the soft mud is almost' two feet
deep. Carpets, furniture and even paint
ings high up on the walls are ruined. It
will take two weeks to repair the dam
age to the Champion Water Company's
mains.
Hepairing Damage in j Dunsmuir.
HONOLULU, H. T., Feb. 5.— The small
schooner TVaialua, engaged in the inter
island trade here, was wrecked last Sun
day off the Island of Kaual during an un
usually high trade wind. She was a
twenty-flve-ton boat' and had been In the
Hawaiian trade for many years. She
went ashore at Anahole, and at last re
ports was likely to be a total loss.
Schooner Wrecked at Hawaii.
The crisis of the disease is still to come
and is looked for within the next twenty
four or thirty-six hours. The President
and his wife believe their son. will meet
this crisis in good shape, and, passing it
successfully, will recover. In fact, the
slight favorable turn in the disease to
day has greatly relieved the strain on
both of them and the day closed much
more cheerfully than yesterday. Still the
reports issued through Mr. Cortelyou, sec
retary to the President, ran between hope
and fear. An interesting event of the day
was the receipt of a telegram from,J_m
bassador Pauncefote at Washingtontcon.
veying King Edward's expression of sym
pathy for the President and hope for. the
speedy recovery 'of his son. | - ' « *
BERLIN, Feb. 12.— At the farewell din
ner given last night by Emperor William
to Prince Henry, Andrew D. White, the
American Embassador, occupied a seat on
the right of his Majesty, while Count von
Bulow, the Imperial Chancellor, sat on
Emperor William's left. • The other mem
bers of the American embassy present
were John B. Jackson, secretary; Com
mander William H. Beehler, naval at
tache, and Major John B. Kerr, the mil
itary attache. Admiral von Tlrpitz, sec
retary of the German Admiralty; Vice
Admiral von Seckendorff, Herr von Eisen
decher, the Prussian representative at
Carlsruhe, Baden, members of Prince
Henry's American party, were also pres
ent. "During the dinner Emperor William
was chatty, jolly and interesting, and
English was the only language used. Em
bassador White showed the Emoeror a
cable received from Secretary of State
Hay saying that the son of President
Roosevelt was better. After dinner the
party spent p.n hour In the library, smok
ing. Emperor William, Mr. White and all
the others then accompanied Prince
Henry to the railroad station, the train
leaving for Kiel at a few minutes after
midnight.
GROTON, Mass., Feb. 11.— The reports
from the sickroom of Theodore Roosevelt
Jr., the eldest son, of the President, who
since Thursday last has been ill with
pneumonia at the Groton School Infirm
ary, tend to show an improvement and
at 8 o'clock to-night his condition was
authoritatively stated to be better than
it was at the same time last night.
The agreement is signed by Lord Lans
downe and Baron Hayashi, the. Japanese
Minister to Great Britain. These Minis
ters so well kept the secret that the paper
Issued after Parliament had adjourned
for the night, announcing the first impor
tant alliance between a Western and an
Asian race, comes as a startling surprise
to the public, and although the idea of an
alliance with Japan is likely to meet with
general approval, the outcome of this sen
sational departure will be anticipated with
no little anxiety. It is regarded as a di
rect move against Russia and to explain
the abandonment of the colony of Wei Hai
Wei." ¦ .. "- ' ¦"¦¦ . - >¦ ¦ ¦ ,-; -• ¦*--,
"We each says Lord Lans
downe, "that the integrity and indepen
dence of the Chinese Empire should be
preserved, and that there should be no
disturbance of the territorial statu quo
either In China or the adjoining regions "
The discovery that their Eastern poli
cies were identical resulted in each party
to the agreement expressing its desire that
their common policy find expression in an
international contract of binding validity
Lord Lansdowne further says that the
British Government was largely Influenced
in entering upon this important contract
by the conviction that it contains no pro
vision which can be regarded as aggres
sive or self-seeking. He says it is con
ceded merely as a measure of precaution
and that it in no way threatens the pres- 1
ent position of legitimate interests of other
powers.. His Majesty's Government trusts
that the agreement will be of mutual ad
vantage to the two countries and make
for the preservation of peace, and, should
peace unfortunately be broken, it will
have the effect of restricting ; the area of
hostilities. ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ •¦ ¦ . .¦-.-, .. .
In explanation the paper says the agree
ment may be regarded as an outcome of
the events of the past two years. Through
out the Boxer troubles Great Britain and
Japan had been in close and uninterrupted
communication and actuated by similar
views. .
LONDON. Feb. 11.— An important Par
liamentary paper was issued to-night, giv
ing the terms of a practical alliance be
tween Great Britain and Japan for the
preservation of China and Korea. The
paper covers a dispatch sent by Lord
Lansdowne, Secretary of State for For
eign Affairs, January 30, to the British
Ministry to China, Sir Claude MacDonald
and comprises a signed copy of the agree
ment. .
Condition of President's
Son Is Somewhat
Improved.
Announcement Made of
Alliance Between the
Nations.
JAPAN LEAGUES
WITH BRITAIN
to be the culmination of a highbinder row.
Lee Sing, a friend of Ah Jim, was latin
arrested and charged with being an ac
cessory.
YOUNG PATIENT
NEARING CRISIS
door was locked. Conboy covered th«
murderer with a revolver, ordered him to
drop his pistol and soon had him in irons.
He was recognized as Ah Jim, a notorious
highbinder, who has been arrested many
times. The name of the Chinese he killed,
is not known. His murderer will not tell
why he shot him. The murder is believed
Ah Jim Murders Un- '
known Man on
*J Li C C w •
No Trace of Iffiissing Wan.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 1L— Louis . Casselli
came to Santa Cruz last September from
Hanford, where he had been in the hotel
business. He decided to purchase a hotel
in Watsonville, and on September 19 came
from that place after inspecting the ho
tel, hitched his horse in front of Gari
baldi Villa and engaged a room. A half
hour later he disappeared and has never
been seen since. He left a waistcoat
containing a watch, a chain and a ring
in the room. Although relatives and offi
cers have made a thoroug-h search not
the least trace of him can be fourid.
Casselll is 36 years old. His relatives
have offered a reward for information
that may reveal his whereabouts.
Choen Koen, his assailant, was charged
at the City Prison with murder. He said
that he had been following Ching Ging
for two vears. He alleges that the dead
man stole his* wife. He said that yester
day was the first opportunity he had to
get revenge.
Hardly had the patrol wagon taken
away the first man when Sergeant Conboy
saw a highbinder fire two shots into an
other Chinese. The victim dropped in his
tracks and Sergeant Conboy gave chase
to his murderer. The murderer, ran into
a lodging-house at S44 Washington street
and Conboy fired several shots into the
floor, hoping to frighten him. The fugi
tive paid no heed to the shots, however,
and endeavored to escape by way of an.
exit on the Stockton street side, but the
Chlng Gins was the first victim. He
•was standing at the corner of Washington
street and Church alley shortly after i
o'clock when Choen Koen stepped up be
hind him, pulled a revolver from under
his blouse and fired two shots into his
body. Police Officer Tillmann was near
by and quickljv had the assassin under
arrest. Ching- Ging, who was- mortally
wounded, was hurried to the Central
Emergency Hospital, where he died about
fifteen minutes after his arrival. One
bullet entered his back, near the spinal
column, passing- completely through his
body. Tfce other bullet passed through
his right arm and was found by Dr.
James Murphy in the silk blouse.
PISTOLS rang out in Chinatown
yesterday afternoon and two Chi
nese were almost instantly Wiled
Their murderers were caught and
are now in the City Prison.
Ching Ging Is Shot
Down for Old
Grudge.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , WEDNESDAY, FEBRUA11Y 12, 1902.
9
ADVEBTISEI-CENTS.
: . ADVERTISEMENTS.
I AUCTION,
Yon Rhein R. E. Co.
513 California Strr'et-
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2Cth:
! . . .12 O'CLOCK M. SHARP. *
Cor. Franklin and O'Farrzil.
7 Sup.rb Lots,
SUNNY. CENTRAL AND IN A FASHION-
ABLE LOCALITY.
OTARRELL STREET.
25 t 25 | ~ T"~877(i
:-¦¦¦.¦ __%
? ° If • i|!K
9 — -3
. 1 87:6 5
Hoim of J. C Stubbs Esq.
7is> Karisa View.
On account of removal to Chicago; 47:Cx
12T:S%_; 2519 Pacific ave. ' west . of Stelnei;
superb, artistic homer 15 rooms, billiard, li-
brary. 4 baths; permits to see house at office.
Ve3STBS-3T. COSNBK— BEHT $35.
2T.6xSl:3; S.W. corner Webster and Wlldey.
i north of Bush; improvements are old. but th*
corner is admirably adapted for a store and
flats.
JS0E-8T. KCD-RN 7LATS— RE5T3 $72 57.
50*95, with "L" 5 feet fronting Seventeenth
street; Nos. 32S-332 Noe; take Castro cara;
owner resides out of the State; a bargain:
CORNER BUCH-.HAN AND FINE.
63x81:3. In 1 or 2 lots; northwest corner; 55
feet on Buchanan by 81:3. on Pine; choice!
I 8TEVEN3C1*. BBT. STH ASD 8TH— REST $«,
22:6x75; 429 Stevenson; central location, close
to market and to new postolflce; reduced pre»«
ent rent $40; one tenant.
Cornsr Clipjer and Diuaoad— 180x11..
South-west corner; 160 on Clipper by 114 on
Diamond.*
UniTsnity Von* 4 Eurrty- Block 145-
Lots 3. 4. 5. 6, 7. 8; each lot 100x120; front-
ins ¦ Gambler. Sllliman. Madison and Henry
st3. ; 3 corners; also ; .'. •
Block 143.
Fronting Henry. Mansfield. Knox and Burrows
streets and La Grande avenue.
Blo«k 1(8. ':>;-:
Fronting Henry. Madison. Knox and Silllman
streets and La Grande avenue.
Prselt- Valley Lands.
Lots 234. -.".5 and 236; also Iota 20 and 23.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
2b Steamers leave Broadway
i^ Wharf, San Francisco:
H3ie?'__fc For Ketchikan, Jun«au. .
l!_?P^S(»_ Skagway. etc. Alaska— 11 a.
I_n^5_?!1& m-. Feb. 5. 10. 15. 20. 25,
I IIc_5£m Vfcsl March 2. Chansre ta com.
'' fiSStCfiSisewil pany's steamers at Seattle.
; /*^^fl9__K_M *¦_" Victoria, Vancourer.
' Port Townsend. Seattle. Taco-
ma. Everett, New Whatcom—
II a. m Feb. 6. 10. 15. 20, 23. March 2.
Ch-inge at Seattle to this company's steamer,
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. By. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka. (Humboldt Bay) — t :3O p. . m.,
Feb 1. 6 11. 16. 21. 26. March 3. _
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
geles)— Steamer Spokane. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of CaL. Wednesdays. O a. m. .
I'or Lo« AnKPles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Haxrord (San
X._ls*Obis«po) Santa. Barbara. Ventura. Hu«-
neme. East San Pedro, San Pedro and •New-
port CBonita only). - _
Bonita 9i.ni, Feb. 3, 11. 19. 27. March T.
Coos B'ay. 9 a. m.. Feb. T. 15. 23. _Iarch 3.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. I_» Pas. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7U» ot «*ch
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right ts resenred to change steamers or sall-
int' dates; ¦ • ¦ . . •
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). .
(3OODALL. PERKINS A CO.. den. Airents.
. 10 Market st.. San g*ranctsco.
O. R.& N. CO.
Only Stenmithlp Xjlne «e»
PORTLAND. Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portlant. to all
points East. Through Ticket* to all I
points. «<H rn<l o-» uteam^htp ttnd rail, at
LOWEST RATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUD3 BXKTH ui HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
Feb. 12. 22; Mar. 4. 14. 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Feb. 17. 27: Mar. 9, 19. 29
Steamer nails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Ayt.,1 MonU'y. S. F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
Anil Cia Sud Americana ds Vapore.
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
anil South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. oler 10. 12 m.
GtJATEMALA..Feb. 181 SANTIAGO ..— __
PALENA ...March 1O TUCAPE1* ...——___
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger servic«.
(No change at Acapulco or'Panama.) Freight
and passenirer office. 31« California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
PANAMA R. R, S S ;
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
. Cabin, $106; Steerage. $40: Meals Free.
S. 6. Argyll sails Thursday. Mar. 13
S. 8. Leelonaw sails Monday, Mar 24
S. 8. Argyll sails Tuesday. April 29
. From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st,
,'- F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
Yy _' OIRECI LINE TO TAHITI
S3. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu __ , .
Saturday. Feb. 15. '02, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for TahlU. about Feb. 1».
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. Feb. 27. 10 a. ns.
J. B.SP&KELS ft BBSS. CO., Imni Ipato, S»IarbtR ¦
Qis't Panangir Olflo, 142 Karbt St., Piar la. 7. Pacfc It
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St, Paul.. ...... Feb. ldPhiladelphia ..Max. •
St, Louis Feb. 26St. Paul Mar. 13
RED STAR LINE.
NEW TORK, ANTWERP. PARIS. :
From New Tork ', Wednesday* at 12 noon. ¦
Haverford Feb. 15>;Southwark Mar. 3
Friesland '.....Feb. 28lVaderland .....Mar. U
-INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. •
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery rt.
Winter Trail Now Open to:
Nome,TeIler and St.MichaeL
For passenger and express rate, apply to -
TRANS-ALASKA COMPANY".
Crocker building.
Operating stage lines between Illamna Bay
and above points. •
C0XPAS5Z2 SXKIUIAU THA53ATLANT1QT;!
IHRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - -_.
.ailing erery Thursday, Instead of <&S3^
.aturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 4_, -3-E2__B
North River, toot of M»rton street. -.
First class to- Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. ¦ GENERAL,
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CANA- .
DA, 82 Broadway (Hudson building). Naw
York. J. F. FVGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coa»t
Agents, 8 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent-. ¦
BAY AND 1^. STT ' l^' M ? a3 -
FOR U. FnAYY YAR3 AND YALLEJ)
'i Eteamni GEIf. FRISBIB or MONTICILM
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-. ¦
day. Sunday, 8:45' a. m., 8:30 p. m. L«av««
Vallejo .7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. Op. m.. except
Sunday. " Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. - Far* Ml
cents. . Telephone ' Main ¦ 1SO3. Landing aad
office, pier 2, • MUiloa-itrest dock. HATCJI
bkos. -, ;.;_.."- . :.....¦ .. -* -' ' ;*¦¦"
"Many of my friends have quit coffee
and are using Postum and I do not know
of a single one who has not been bene-
fited. Some of these did not like Postum
at first, but in every case I found the
cause to have been not having boiled it
long enough. The directions are" easy
enough to follow, and when followed a
delicious beverage is the result, but some
slovenly cooks put It on to boil for five or
ten minutes, but that does not make 'good
Postum. After the real bubbling or boil-
ing has begun it should be allowed to
boll at least fifteen minutes." Name given
by Postura Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
"I have now been drinking Postum for
over a year and my health has steadily
Improved; the nervousness and dyspepsia
have entirely disappeared. I have gained
twenty-five pounds in weight and feel/ at
least, ten years younger than I did a year
ago. ..., ...„
"A friend insisted that I quit coffee and
try Postum, and, although I did not be-
lieve it was the cause of my ill health, I
consented to try the new coffee. I
bought a package and wife prepared it
strictly according to directions and I was
wonderfully pleased to find It so delicious
and refreshing; the quitting of coffee was
a pleasure rather than a task.
A man In West Plains, Mo., writes: "As
the coffee habit grew on me my health
declined in the same ratio. I was subject
to nervousness, constipation, dyspepsia
and a general weak feeling which made
me unfit for business, and finally I be-
came so nervous and thoroughly broken
down that I could not; attend to business
and turned everything^over to my assist-
ant and went to the mountains In Colo-
rado, hoping to find health in a change of
climate, but after six months' sojourn I
came back in worse condition than I left.
But once In a while a person wakes up
and throws off coffee entirely, then the
truth begins to appear, and it is an easy
job to make this change if Postum Pood
Coffee is taken in place of coffee.
They will charge the coated tongue and
j bilious condition to something they have
eaten, likewise the wretched condition of
the bowels and the palpitation of the
heart. The sallow complexion is generally
attributed to a "naturally Wlious" tem-
perament.
It is curious to watch a coffee toper and
observe how he or she will resist all sug-
gestions as to coffee being the cause of
their various ailments.
Faxrts Not Crenerally Believed.
COFFEE DOES IT.
¦ ¦BBHBBBBBII-aBBisiaBBBBBRBaBHD-IBIfBIBBBBBB-iBBBBBB
a ¦¦"¦ ¦ : '' '¦'."• '" "'¦"'"" '- : i t;|^S|^llIS
I N| v • I
m - ¦ . . - OF' '•¦¦¦. . ' : ' ¦ I
¦ '.¦.¦'.¦' !•¦"'¦•¦•¦¦¦' ...... ¦ ¦ ¦-:.,¦ •;•*/- ¦¦
¦ , ¦ . ,: . . . ¦ _____ " BHBBiei ________ ' juujimiml • B
S Is represented in the NEW SCALE KIMBALL. All the piano good- ¦
¦ ness that the best piano makers know, and some exclusive features con- : ¦
¦ trolled by letters patent only by. the Kimball manufacturers, are embod- H
¦ ied in this king of pianodom. ¦ ' Bj
'B 'No chronometer could be made with greater care or more painstak- S
S ing accuracy. V Every part of the. '^ ; /
3 is in perfect harmony with all other parts. So careful is the adjustment^ S
¦ of the scale that the tone of the instrument is absolutely^ balanced/ q
I throughout every register. , The action is the very ; quickest possible, * ad-- ¦
IB mitting of the' most rapid repetition. -Special provisions are' made in H
¦ the Kimball pianos to guard against the effects 'of dampness or moisture. ¦
¦ Sold in California, Oregon, Washington' and Idaho by 0
I POMMER=EILERS MUSIC COMPANY, a
5 Four fine stores: San Francisco,. Sacramento, Portland, Oregon, 3
J and Spokane, ; Washington. -: ¦ . ? '.-'V"'V"; ¦ . gj
| Get Around Here Quick 1
Q . ;. ; - "'¦"¦'..¦¦'¦ l ': ¦¦'..'¦ . ¦ ' ' " * .¦ 'a- .. ¦¦-¦.-'¦¦¦¦..--. ¦'-¦',- ¦ .- - : ¦ ' '-": ¦ ¦ . Q
B . .'If you arelooking for anything in the line of fine pianos and organs. B
¦ We're on the round-up, closing out the wholesale" stock of the Eilers. ¦
B Piano Company, and it 'will 'pay., you ta'do business : now— to-day— if, you J
Jj ' intend '¦ to take advantage , of these specially low/ closing out Sale-prices. @
2 . We . are ..willing, to save: you every; dollar! of; profit this side the factories S
S that built >these fine instruments,; but time is the^ most important: factor -,g
g in this transaction. We have none to spare. -Don't miss. this sale. It's a ¦ |
H money saver.,:, Q
I Pommer-Eiler^^^
S 653 Market Street, |
a ¦ Bit; 1 OPPOSITE KBARNY. ¦ . , B
I STORE OPEN DAY AND EVENING UNTIL STOCK IS SOLD. 1
SHMHHttEHHBHSHHBEHBajSHHaHEBHBHHHHHBHHHBfllBHEBin
I regard my COLD CURE as more
valuable than a life insurance policy.
It not 'only cures colds in the head,
colds In the lungs, colds ifi the bones,
but it wards off dangerous diseases
such as grippe, diphtheria, pneumo-
nia, and consumption! — flUNYON.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails to relieve
in one to three hours, and cures in a few days. ,
¦ Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively cures all
forms of indigestion and stomach trouble.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs, night sweats,
_Uaya soreness and speedily heals the lungs. x
Munyon's Kidney Cure quickly cores pains in the
back, loins or groins, and all formsof kidney disease.
I Munyon'sVitalizerrcstoreslost powersto weak men.
. [ All the cures are 25 cents, at any drug store.
IUunyon'a Onlde to Health should be in the
hands of every mother. It will help them to knew
the symptoms of every disease and. tell them the
pioper treatment. Sent free to any address.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia. k
: HUMOR'S INHALES CUBES C1T1BBH.
Missouri Pacific Limited.
The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic" Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to St. Louis.
Personally conducted excursions via this
route to Chicago, 'New Tork, Boston and all
Eastern points. For berth reservation and full
Information address ; - -
I_ M. FLETCHER.
Facinc Coast Agent,
126 California st, San Francisco. Cal.
' _*-S_?&s_ VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
JEflt* t <&k MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
iSK^^ 1t£_ have been In use over fifty
/¦B^yMtftajMak years by the leaders of tha
-S&CT-StWEtI Mormon Church) and their
E^iS^iraHKJ followers. Positively cure tha
i*SWKw» cSci worBt cases in old and young
1*4' V f^ arising from effects of self-
«»*™^?^W abuse, dissipation, excesses or
T-gS^i^oJ&iw cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhcod. lmpotency. Lost
¦ Power. NlKht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, fg- Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner **"> (J vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are j^r^Z^ immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote •»**« * ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent: a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; GOc a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Ban Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and. 40 Third street.
¦ _n^flE____9 _ VJVUH C8h Kb r^^^B
DR.PItKiES I
¦ GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
\- FOR THE . -
Ba_OOD < UVER.B.UIMGS.|
i fi^^^| c RUPTURE *
1/ "~3«^ Aothing like it. Comfort &S
Hrs-^^^ftSVS security! A Perfect Re tainer. Jj9
H yM \^SJt does the work! 0" Call or MM
rjKrJ\ w ri t e/i>__;yfor"BOOKi._TKo.l.* > JB|^
Address: Magnetic E. Truss Co- fig
¦ ' 206 JoBt Street, San Francisco, Cal. Hpl
or 1143 Broadway, New York, Mention thij Paper JSuS
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiaha Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOItA-
tor and Nervine.
Tha most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexe-..
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
Beys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market st.. B. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
*Sa CHICHCSTER'8 CNGLI8H
toNVROYAL, f.LLS
H .-^jTV Orlsi-al and Only (Jeauiaa.
I fry9\4$K\ |n KED m-d Gold Bjt»lU 8 boxt.. «.!«!
i *2_ S_EbSi « tt 5J__i lbbo _ u *_>•«• •*»•-. K«f_ M
T?1 *SS J>«-Jrero_» .1ub.lIt.U-tn and Imlta.
I / V '- fit *•"¦•• B "T of 7»« D--«gl«t. or wad 4e. la
I __/ _S* «"]» A" Partto-l-n, Te.t4m»»l_I«
**ZJ^r - J5"™i MmU ' >«.<MK»Tia«o_lata. Sit/!,
ItoUa-t-Up-p-f. M»41— » Bq-ar-, Pta__tt PS
W3&S&r INJECTION. <
f^A PERMANENT CURE j
J • of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea c
7 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 85
5 days ; no other treatment required. ' s
• 1 , Sold by all druggists. - S
J WONG WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HERB
SANITARIUM.
764-66 Clay St., S. F. , Cal.
A ' I_O "DISEASES CURED
*» exclusively by j Chines*
' herbs.' over 3000 varieties being used, j Hours
! 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
I — . ,
j AA/. Tl HESS,
I KOTART. PUBLIC AND ATTORHET-AT-LAW.
' Tenth Floor. Room ' 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Main »83.
Residence, 821 California St., below Powell.
. • Residence Telephone. James 1501.
0CEA3ST TEAVEIil
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. < No cargo received . on board on day of
sailing. ¦ -¦ •¦•.-. .'¦ , -, .
SS. NIPPON MARU.......'. '....
¦k' :•.¦......;... .'.Tuesday. February 25th, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU.
;...........:..-.... Friday.March 21st. 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU •
..... .'. ...... h .. .Tuesday. April 15th. 1902
• ¦¦ Round- trip tickets f at reduced s rates. - For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
121 Market street," corner First, .,
-._.._- w ' . H- AVERT, General Ajeat.
POS-3XJ--C CEK-sAIfaTO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
A red and black horizontally striped buoy
will be established to mark a. lump near the
entrance to the South Channel, and about 8%
miles SSW. % W. from Cape Disappointment
lighthouse.
The bearings and distances given above are'
approximate only and a corrected notice will
be issued when the buoys are placed.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. Day, Commander, U. S. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
A bell buoy will be placed in position about
four miles SSW. Y4. W. from Cape Disappoint
ment lighthouse to mark the entrance to the
South Channel, and the Inner Barj Buoy will
be moved to tbe westward and placed on same
bearing, distant about 2% miles from the light.
The latter buoy will then serve as a turning
buoy for vessels entering by either the North
or South Channel. ¦ . .
SOUTH CHANNEL.
The Whistler, Outer Buoy (M. S.), and Bar
Buoy will be moved to the northward and all
placed In a range with Cape Disappointment
lighthouse. The range line on entering will be
ENE. % E. After passing the Bar Buoy, the
course to be steered to the Inner Buoy (new po
sition) will be SE. Vt, S.
NORTH CHANNEL.
tlcable, the following changes will be made
the buoyage of the Columbia River Bar:
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later, tnan at' Fort Point;
the height. of tide. is the same at. both places.
United . States Coast and Geodetic . Surrey-
Times and • Heights of High ; and . Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance • to San
Francisco Bay. . Published by ¦ official , au
tKority of the Superintendent. " . •
Sun, Moon and Tide.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 12.
Sun rises. .......... . . . \ ...:.....'. ...../.. .7:03
Sun sets..;"..: .•..'.....'..:.¦.¦.;.. 5-45
Moon sets .10:28 p. m
Uotice to Mariners.
COLUMBIA RIVER BAR.
Notice U hereby given" that as so* a as prao-
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early • morning . tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; 'the
fourth '- tiro* ¦ column ' gives the 1 last tide of tha
day,' except when there 'are but three, tides, as
Tetsu Goto, a Japanese, who was con
victed by a jury in Judge Cabanlss* court
on the charge of practicing medicine' with
out a certificate, appeared for sentence
yesterday. He was fined $100. which' wai
at once paid.
Illegally Practiced Medicine.
The German ship Peru, which cleared yester
day for the same port,' has 75.893 ctls wheat,
valued at $83,102, and 15,000 ft lumber as
dunnage, valued at $225. • *.
The)French bark Duchesse Anne was cleared
Monday for Queenstown for orders, with 42,510
ctls wheat, .valued at $47.S50, and 18,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $270. ,
Wheat for Europe.
NEW YORK, Feb. lli-The Atlantic
transport line steamer Minneapolis, which
arrived f to-day J rom London. L bn^usht
thirty-three racehorses owned by Edward
Corrigan. All the horses are in good
condition. ,
Corrigan's Horsas in New YoTk.
The walk of. the Olympic Club men to
Burlingamc -has been postponed until the
weather settles. There are various en
tertainments, planned which could not be
tirw-^ 0 . grounds were wet. The .affair
wllrbe held the first Sunday following a
week of. dry weather. . -
Olympians' Trip to Burlingame.
Third race, six furlongs, ¦ selling — Ranco won,
x ree Colnace second. John G. Ford - third.
Time, 1:U&. .
¦ Fourth race, handicap, six and a half fur^
lon f s — Scarlet Lily won, Maggie Davis second.
Andes third. Time. 1:1S%.
Fifth race, selling, mile and seventy yards —
sir Florlan won. Eva Rice second. E» Ghor
third. Time. 1 :4a. V
Sixth race.' sellin?,. one mile — Blue. Ridge
won, .LeroyD finished second, "but was dis
qualified; 0'Haren second. The Way. third.
Time, 1-.-12 1 /;.
First race, five ¦ f urlomrs, 'selling — Julia Jun
kin won, Sam Houston second. The Four Hun
dred third. Time, 1:02.
Second .race, selling, one -mile — Prince Real
worvAdd sscond, Philma Paxton third. Time,
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 11.— Results:
New Orleans Racing.
. ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr . Fulton,
hance Feb 8; schr John A, hence Jan 31.
. COOS BAY— Barbound Jan 11— Stmrs Arcata
and Empire, for San Francisco. ..» --' ¦
¦ TACOMA— Sailed Feb 11— Br stmr Pak Ling,
for : London : • Br : stmr ¦'Algoa," for Manila. ¦ Feb
10— Stmr Mackinaw, for San Francisco. -
Arrived Feb 11 — Schr Glendale, hence Feb 4.
Feb 10 — Stmr .Washtenaw, hence Feb 6. ¦ ¦ i
. SEATTLE— Sailed Feb 10— Stmr Dolphin, for
Skagway. ¦¦¦¦ : ¦ •'¦: »._
',- PORT ', TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 11— Br
ship Dudhope, from Hongkong: schr Zampa in
straits,; from-San Pedro, for Tacoma.' ..
*. Sailed • outward . Feb 11 — Schr , Muriel, from
Port : Blakeley, for Noumea. ¦ ¦ . •
- • Passed in ¦¦¦ Feb , 11— Jap . stmr Kinshu Maru,
from > Yokohama, for Seattle. . • /• , ,?
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb ¦ 11— Schr ; De
fender, ¦? from , Hllo. ¦• ,- ¦ :; ¦-" - •¦ '. *
Sailed Feb 11— Schr Alice Cooke, for Hono
lulu.-* . • ' - " ¦ • . ¦ •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
: VICTORIA, Feb 11— The "stmr Cottage City
arrived' . from Skagway ¦ to-day * bringing • ths
passengers and crew of the stmr Bertha, which
was totally wrecked at- Kwahume Point, 15
miles north of Herald. Point, Fitzhugh' Sound. ¦
Steamer will' be a : total • loss, j Passengers ¦ and
crew saved. . - / • ' . •- \- ','¦: .-.
. V TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS/ Feb 11, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind : W, ¦ velocity ; 20 -"¦ miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN, 10 P. M. •-...:
Schr . Viking," with foremast head broken.
Tuesday, February 11. : .
Stmr Mandalay, Batchelder, Coqullle River.
Stmr : Pomona, , Shea, . Eureka. ¦ • ¦ . - :
. Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson/Greenwood. r <: ?
, Stmr Gipsy; Leland; Santa Cruz. , ¦¦ .< 5.'
Stmr Iaqua, - Gunderson, Grays Harbor.
RETURNED. I
Stmr Gipsy, ' Leland) hence to-day, for Santa
Cruz, returned to pert on account of rough bar.
SAILED.
-. CLEARED.
. ; ¦>• -Tuesday, -February 11.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, v Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nav Co. ¦"" *¦ ¦ : -
Stmr Pomona, Shea,' Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. ' ' f -
Ger ehip Peru, : Schierloh, Queenstown; Ep
pinger &Co. ¦ • ¦.-.. . * . ;
Br shin Imberhorn, Lever, Queenstown; G W
McNear. ¦ v ' ¦\*» :i - :"¦¦•>¦»•¦¦¦* " . • . •-
Tuesday, February 11.
Stmr Alameda, Herriman, ' 5' days 20 hours
from- Honolulu. • ' . •
Stmr Westport, Enckson, -38 hours from Eu
reka. ¦ . : . "~--
Stmr ' Cha» Nelson, Schage, 84 hours from
Astoria;. bound south; put in to land passen
gers. - . ¦
i Stmr Sequoia, Winkel, C daysMrom Grays
Harbor. "' - ! . _: ¦
Stmr Queen, - Thomas, 65% hours from Vic
toria. • . .
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, . 30 hours from Eu
reka.
Fr bark Vllle de Dijon, -Bony, 149 days from
Swansea. ¦.. • ¦ ¦ •
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
This will be visitors' day at the train-
Ing quarters of Jimmy Britt over at
Croll's Gardens, Alameda. Dewltt Van
Court. Kirk Harri3 and others will cross
the bay at 2:15 p. m., arriving in time to
see Britt go through his afternoon work
In the gymnasium. •. - .
Toby l\win, who is to meet Britt. appre
ciates.ithe Importance of his engagement
and is leaving nothing undone to get in
the\best possible condition. He ha3 been
boxing with "Bobble" Johnson and Eddie
Hanlon^to develop his speed.
The Reliance Club, Oakland, has an Im
portant card for Friday night of this
week, when Al Neill and. Charles Thurston
will meet. On the Fourth of July of last
year they fought a - twenty-round draw.
Neill seems at his best now, judging from
his recent showing.
Undone That Will Pit Them
for Competition.
Britt and Irwin Leaving Nothing
The Tucapel's Cargo.
The steamer Tucap»l, which sailed Monday
for Valparaiso and way ports, carried mer
chandise for Mexico valued at $18,078; Central
America, $36.S3S; Panama, $5075: Ecuador,
$20CS; Peru, $7421; Colombia, $350; Chile. $300.
The followmj were the principal shipments:
To Mexico — 35,642 ft lumber, 102 pkgs hard
ware, 736 lbs spices, 6 pkgs drugs, 41 carboys
acid, 70 pkgs epikes, 1C39 bdls Iron and steel,
10 bbls pitch, 20 bales oakum,, 5SS lbs copper,
1121 bdls shook?, 18G lbs tea, 124 "gals and 69
cs whisky, 571 lbs and 5 pkgs raisins, 130 lbs
Eago, 15 pkgs paints and oils, 69 crs - potatoes,
10 bxs paste, 5 kegs powder, 3 cs fuse and caps,
32 kegs nails, 1805 lbs bread, 11 crs onions, 2
cs brandy, 2 coils cordage, C26 lbs and 6 pkgs
dried fruits, 28 pkgs building material, 6 bales
dry goods, 5105 lbs meal, 255 2bs cheese, 23,413
lbs tallow, 440 lbs codfish, 669 lbs ham and ba
con, OS cs canned goods, 423 lbs lead, 66 pkgs
machinery. 22 cs liquors, 54U gals and 24 cs
wine, tt pkgs arms and' ammunition, 72 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 304S lbs bran, 19 bales
hay, 404 bb's cement.
To Central America — 4419 bbls flour, 43 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 1700 lbs dried fruits,
44S1 lbs bread. 39 cs salmon, 113 cs canned
goods, 301 lbs hams and bacon, 2(5,008 ft lum
ber, 667 lbs epices, 54S6 lbs bran, 3 ctls wheat,
223 els barley, 10 kegs nails, 5 pkgs hardware,
6000 lbs salt, 164 pkgs paints and oils, 174 kegs
lead, 336 lbs cheeee, 3 pkgs machinery, 1 coll
rope, '204 lbs eago, 161 crs potatoes, V 12 bxs
paste. 25 bbls cement, 63 bdls paper, 84 pkgs
stationery and ink, 50 cs coal oil, 2163 lbs rai
sins, 3 bales bags, 297 lbs codfish, 20 bales hay,
4 bxs fresh fruits, 38 cs drugs, 14,800 lbs rice,
3 bales leather, 41' bales dry goods, 748 gals
and 8 cs wine, 090 gals and 10 csks beer, 2640
lbs tallow, 800 lbs soda, 2 cattle, 393 lbs nuts.
To Panama — 100 bbls fioui. 6 bdls brooms,
1100 bxs soap, 420 lbs codfish, 23 cs salmon,
224 cs canned goods, 49,624 ft lumber, 2 spars,
50 bales hay, 2415 lbs beans. 1100- lbs bread, 26
pkgs groceries and provisions. 6 coils rope,
9826 lbs rice. 2 cs wine, 3 pkgs potatoes and
onions, 120 lbs nuts, 234 lbs dried fruits.
To Ecuador — 310 bbls flour, 38 lbs raisins, 82
cs canned goods. 40 bbls oil, 3200 lbs grea6e,
4 bales waste. 110 lbs bacon, 17 pkgs groceries
and provisions. .
To Peru — 100 bbls flour. 95 pkgs machinery,
4 bales paper, 80 pkgs groceries and provisions,
2S0 cs canned goods, 521 lbs cheese, 1600 ¦ lbs
lard, 3176 lbs hams and bacon, 60 lbs dried
fruits. 1270 lbs bread, 1440 lbs butter. •
To Colombia. — 30 bbls flour. ' 1 bale bags," 22
cs canned- goods, 18 pkgs groceries and provi
elons, 110 lbs bread. 100 lbs rice, 146 lbs dried
fruits, 2 bxa soap. .
To Chile — 32 cs canned goods, 600 lbs codfish.
2000 lbs dried fruit. -
LIGHT-WEIGHT BOXERS
IN HASD TRAIHTNGr
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at 'noon to-day,
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time. • . -
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in charge..,.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
. :• chants'. Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February 11, 1902.
The British ship Fulwood will load lumber at
Portland for Callao, 40s (not South Africa, as
previously reported).
The British ship Glenogil is chartered for
wheat to Europe at 27s 6d, if to Liverpool di
rect 27s. The British ship Pinmore will load
wheat at Tacoma for Europe: the British bark
Penrhyn Castle, wheat at • Tacoma for Cape
Town, 31s. .
The barkentine Gerard C. Tobey returns to
Honolulu with a general cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The steam collier. Progreso, which ar
rived on Monday night, reports having
passed off Cape Mendocino a lot of wreck
age that looked like the white-painted
bulwarks of a sailing vessel.
Progreso Sights "Wreckage.
Selections for To-Day.
First race —Merops, Huachuca, The Miller.
Second race —Sylvia Talbot, Artvla. High
Chancellor.
Third race —Bab, Formero, Picador.
Fourth race —Duckoy. Diderot, Galanthus.
Fifth race —Colonial Glri» Shell Mount,
Afghan.
Sixth race^ —Educate. .Tiburon, Decoy.
: N. S. Hand of 113 Stockton street came
within an ace'of ; "cleaning". . the card
again* yesterday, his. only loser being Joe
.Ripley. 1 while his seennd choice, Wolhurst.
won* the race", at 8 to l: He picked two
races 1-2-3 .and. the, other four 1-3;' only
three 'of -his: entire selections finished out
side the money. Hand wired his New
York syndicate to : parlee $200 • on Hilary,
Lass of Langdon, .Tower: of Candles and
Nilgar. which, -if carried out,' won over
SflOOO at Dost odds. '.'..' -. •
. Arrived -' Feb -. 11 — H . B .. M stmr Esreria from
cruise in. search of mis3lng'H B M stmr Con
dor. . Reports having found Condor's signal
locker ; grating, sheaves and tonniast. at Long
Beach. . ;
Arrived Feb • 11 — Br stmr Tees, from north
coast. '
: Sailed Feb 11 — Jap stmr..Iyo Maru. for China
and Jaran. , v : • -
Handicapper Hand Hands Out Fivb
Straight Winners.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb 10 — Jap stmr K!n
shui Maru, r from --Yokohama; Br bark Rose,
from Shanghai; ship Reuce, from "Honolulu; Br
Btmr Victoria, hence Feb 5. "-.-...
- .Sailed Feb 10— Stmrs Queen City and Amur,
for north, coast.' :¦_ ¦
. TENERIFFE— Arrived Jan 22— Ger stmr
Neko, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
: ANTWERP — Sailed Feb 8 — Ger stmr Sera
pis, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
SLIGO-^ Arrived Feb 8— Ital - ship i Emilia
Ciampa.. hence Aug 20. ' ¦ . . ¦
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 9— Ship Wro
Lav,-, hence Sept 11. • < , ,
FALMOUTH— Arrived Feb 10— Ger bark Pfa
cllla, from Tacoma.
SAL1N A CRUZ— Sailed Feb 7— Stmr Ethel
Zane.-for Port Tcwnsend. . • . . .
To sail • about ? Feb IS — Schr Salvator. for
Port : Townsend^ Feb 2i — Schr" David Evans,
for Port Townsend. -
FOREIGN . PORTS.
- NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon. •
EASTERN PORT.
The bark Sonoma arrived off port Feb 2, but
owing to the strong trades blowing, has been
blown off shore, and up to date has not put in
an appearance.-- There -is no sign of H B M
ctmr-Ccndor. . . ' >¦->*¦
Arrived Jan 31 — Bavk Kate Davenport, from
Port Blakeley; bark Mauna Ala, hence Jan 15.
Feb 1 — Bark Carrollton. from Tacoma; schr
Emma Claudlna, ¦ from Eureka; bark Mohican,
hence Jan 19: schr Eva. from Eureka. Feb
3 — Br bark Peter Iredalt, from Newcastle,
NSW; Ger ship Marie Hackfeld, from,Ham
burc ; ' . ' . ¦ ¦•. '
HONOLULU— Sailed Jan 30— U S stmr Mo
hican, for cruise. Jan 31 — Stmr .Hawaiian, for
New York, via Kaanapall. Feb 1 — Ship George
Curtis, for San Francisco. Fet/3 — Schr Gold
en Shore, for Port Townsend.- • Feb 4— Ger
bark Asnes, for San Francisco. •
KAHULUI— Arrived Jan 27-i-Bark Edward
May, from Oyster Harbor. Jan 30 — Stmr Tam
pioo, from*Seattle and Honolulu.
Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Hyades, for San Fran
cisco. .
HANA— Arrived Jan 31— Schr H C Wright,
hence Jan 10: schr Stanley, from Eureka.
KAAN APALI — Arrived Jan 30 — Stmr Ha
waiian, from Honolulu.
HONOIPU — Sailed Jan 31— Schr Robert
Searles, for Port Townsend.
HILO— Sailed Feb 1 — Bark Amy Turner,
for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
SAN PEDRO — Sailed Feb 11 — Bktn Retriev
er, for Port Hadlock.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Feb 11— Br bark
Elizabeth Nicholson, from Vancouver, for
Shanghai. ¦ "
, In bay Feb 11 — Stmrs Washtenaw and Mack
inaw and schr Muriel. ' .
PORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed Feb 11 — Stmr
Alcazar, for San ..Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 10— Stmr
Coronado, hence Feb 7. Feb 11 — Stmr Grace
Dollar, hence Feb 8. 'Bar rough. ' ; '
GREENWOOD — Arrived Feb 11 — Stmi
Greenwood, hence Feb 5. Have been oft the
port ' for four days with strong SE gale;
could not set in.
TILLAMOOK — To sail Feb 12 — Stmr W H
Kruger, for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived and sailed Feb .11—
Etmr Spokane, for San Francisco.
PORTLAND — Sailed Feb 11— Shlo Loch
garve, for Queenstown; stmr Geo W Elder,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 11 — Schr Volant, from San Fran-
SOUTH : BEND— Arrived Feb 10— Stmr Ri
val, hence Feb 6.
ic, from Liverpool.
Sailed Feb 11 — Stmr Fuerst Bismarck, for
Naples, etc. . * ¦
SYDNEY,. NSW — Arrived prior to Feb 11 —
Stmr Ventura, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Auckland.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Boyic.
from New York.
Sailed Feb 11 — Stmr Ultonia. for Boston.
LONDON — Arrived Feb 11 — Stmr Mlnneha
ha. from New York.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Feb 11— Stmr
Waesland, from Liverpool.
QUEE KSTOWN — Arrived Feb 12 — Schr
Oceanic, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
NEW YORK — Arrived Feb 11 — Stmr Nomad-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CALLAO— Arrived Feb 10— Bktn B«nlcia.
from Fairhaven. _,
LADYSMITH— To sail Feb 13— Br stair Vlo
torla, for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Sailed Feb 6— Schr E K Wood,
for Port Townsend. .
SHANGHAI — Arrived prior to Feb 10^ — Schr
Fearless, from Fairhaven. $• "
NEWCASTLE. Aua — Arrived Feb 11 — Bark
Sea King, from Adelaide.
Fifth race — Futurity course, purse; three
year-olds and upward. /
3261 Afghan ......1281 3214 Sea Queen.... 120
(3245) Wyoming ....128 3272 Colonial Girl. Ill
3235 Shell Mount.. 113 280S Sir Dougal....l2S
Sixth race — Six and a half furlonga, selling:
four-year-olds and upward.
3279 Tiburon 109 3271 Nellie I"orest..lO4
3286 Mission .100 3273 Decoy 1W)
(3230)Educate 104 8277 Flamero 109
32S4 Ben Ledl. .....107 32C8 Fine Shot 100
327S Casdale 109
The steamship Thyra, which arrived
here on Monday from the Orient, has been
chartered from the. California-Oriental
line by the Oregon Railroad and Naviga
tion Company to take the place of the
steamship Knfght Companion, which was
recently wrecked in the China Sea.
"Will Replace the Knight Companion.
The steam schooners Del Norte and
Crescent City are now and have been for
five days off Crescent City, kept outside
by stormy weather. The Crescent City
managed to get in long enough to land
her passengers. The elements drove her
to v sea again, however, and with the Del
Norte she is playing Flying Dutchman up
and down the coast. <»
TJnable to Enter Crescent City.
Steamship Queen Has Hough Passage
The steamship Queen arrived yesterday
from the Sound after a very disagreeable
passage. She encountered head winds and
heavy seas, and rain, 'more or less heavy,
prevailed throughout the trip. Among the
passengers was Captain A. C. Showman,
who was last here as one of the officers
of the steamship Moana. He left that
vessel In Victoria and may remain per
manently in California.
Laura Pike an. Old Timer.
The schooner Laura Pike, which was
abandoned off Cape Mendocino on the 7th
inst. by captain and crew, is an old-timer.
Bhe was built twenty-seven years ago in
Eureka- Unless she has capsized she
Is now having the spree of her life. When
abandoned she had jib and mainsail set,
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Tuesday, Feb. 1L— Weather showery. Track sloppy.
32.31. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; fonr-year-olda and up; to first. $323.
~~ '¦ I Betting.
Index Horse. Age. "Weight. St. %. %. Sir. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3259 Hilary. 6 110 1 1-1% 1 3 1~3 1~2 Piedmont Stable.. Bullmn 4 3
324fi Screen. Lake, 4.. 102 2 24 21 2 U 2 n T. Fox Jackson 6 4
3215 February, a 108 5 3n 44 34 35 J. S. Gibson Howson 3 7
3000 Phil Archibald, 4.. 107 4 73 6 5- 4% 42 Crane & Co Troxler 80 100
32S0 Alzura, 4 ....106 7 5K 51 54 55 A. H. Vivell... O'Connor 8-6 11-5
S2«S William F, 5 110 8 85 71 71 82 John Kane Prior 20 100
3200 El Kara. 4 104 tt 6 2 8 2 8 4 7 10 W. H. Grlsslm...Birkrth 10 SO
3244 Idaho Chief II. 4..106 10 10 9 10 9 15 8 3 E. E. RandalL.Burlngm - 60 150
3203 Kath. Ennis, 4.. .102 3 42 32 6% 9 20 Mrs. F. Spiers.. Ransom C 10
3255 Forbes, 4 108 0 0 4 10 10 10 P. Dei Conta See 60 10O
Time— \i. :25%; #, -.5114; 5%f, 1:10. Good start. "Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. Piedmont Stable's ch. g. by Harry O'Fallon-Ethel. Bullman on winner beat th«
field away. February hard ridden from head of stretch. Katherine Ennls quit. Scratched
— Idalette 106, Graylette 104. '_ .
3252. SECOND RACE — Five furlongs: felling; maiden three-year-olds; to first. $325.
Bettlns.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3253 Lass of-Langdcn..H2 3 1412 12 12 C. Llnd Ransch 7-5 1
304S Budd Wade 114 2 2U 2% 2^ 21 B. Schrelber Bullman 10 12
3264 Breton 117 4*51 3 Vj 3 1 3 1% Chlnn & Forsyth.. Conley 10 7
32C3 Annie Max 112 1 4U U 48 42 P. Sheridan J. Daly 5 8
32C0 Yrsula 112 5 8 V, 54 5565 J. C. Nealon. ..O'Connor 3-2 9-2
3253 Sleeping Child.. ..100 9 75-75 6 8 6 10 J. J. Moran. ...Donnelly 100 60
3179 Oratossa 107 G 32 6^72 72 A. B. Spreckela.-Jackson 15 20
3077 St. Chester. 112 8 85 84 84 86 H. L. Hasten.... ..Bell SO 60
2094 Teddy Marks. ... .103 10 9 4 9 S , 0 10 9 10 Paplnta J. Woods 10 50
293.S Dk. of Richellia..lOO 7 10 10 . 10 10 H. Gottung Hoar 20 100
Time— VI, :25; ¥., :51; %, l:0i%. Good start. "Won first three driving. Winner. C. Llnd's
b. f. by St. Carlo- Countess Langdon. Winner hard ridden entire way." Yrsula no mudder.
Oratossa showed some early speed. Cheap lot. £ c 5^£ h^ d^*5 n f£ k i n _ 8^ r*ln.^n-^-J^..^
3253. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olda; to first. $325.
-j j ~ ~ ~ Betting.
Index Horse and . Weight. St. V,. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3270) Adirondack ill K ... 11 1 % 1 ns Burns & Watrhs..BuIlmn 6-5 9-10
C$217) Dotterel 106 2 ... 2^ 8 2 2 2 T. H. Stevens. -O'Connor * 'g
S252 Nigrette 103 5 ... 5 40 5 40 3 3 Jennings & Co... J. Daly 4 6
(3252) Hudson 10G 4 ... 3 1 2 14 4 4 B. Schreiber ...Hoar 3 9-2
3247 Puss In Boots.... 103 3 ... 4-1 4 3 6 40 A. Josephs Jackson 7 1
2257 Du Page -.106 6 ... 6 6 6 F. D. Boas Troxler B0 100
Time— % :25; %, :51. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's
b. g. by Altamax-Duckling^ Bullman on winner beat the gate. Dotterel is a game one.
Nigrette. away poorly, closed well. Hudson off nona too well and In deepeat^golng^ _ J __¦
3254. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; celling; three-year-olda and upward; to first. $325.
— — J ' T L Betting.
Index Horse.. Age. "Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. Op- Cl.
3260 T. of Candles, 4.. 104 3 22 22 In 11 Caesar Young. . .Jackson 4-5 7-10
3245 John Peters. 3... 105 1 12 1^ 22 22 J. F. Schorr... J. Woods 6 »
(3264) Preatano, 3 ICO 2 42 42 4 U 3J J. Conway Ransch 8 »
(3267) Phyllis. 3 03 5 31 3 K 31 41 A.J.Stemler & Co.Brkrth 6 l->
3260 Matt Hogan. 6...109 C 6 6 6 5* W.p Magrne & Co.Pann 10 25
(3268) Ben Led!. -6. ."...1071 4 5n 5 1 5 4 6 IG. W. Scott Wlnslettel 6 10
Time— % -24% • V, :49%; %, 1:16%. Poor start. "Won first three driving. Winner, Caesar
Young's b m. by Candlemas-Duchess of Towers. John Peters away sailing and favorite
was hard ridden to catch him. _^ r^55"g°"^£°°^5£x^lS^5-5S5J^ d^5L^-SSS^-^^S^^^
3255. FIFTH RACBr- One mile and an eighth; selling; flve-year-olda and up; to first. $325.
— ~ I I Betting.
Index Horse. Age. "Weight. St %. M- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3232~ Wolhurst. a 101*4 3~h Tl 4~1 1% J. McMlchael.. Winslette 4 «
3274 Urchin 5 101 3 lh 23 In 2n D. F. Cox Bedfern 10 ;^»_
3274 Formero. 6 105 5 41 3%81 3h J. Hackett....J. Woods 2 : 4.
3274 Joe Rlpiey, a 104 1 24 la 2h 45 B. O. Lane Brodlen 2 2
3^13 Mcrlnel a. 80 6 7 7 6 1 5 10 M. Storn J. Daly 8 2O
3^62 Kickumbob, 5.... 101 2 556% 66 62 G. B. Morris. .. .Jackson 6 8
3274 Lavator, 6.......101 7 6 5 6 5 7 7 J. C. Nealon. .Blrkenruth fl 8
Time— Vj. -25- V,. :50%: %. 1:17; mile. 1:48; ltfm, 1:59%. Good start. Won tart three
driving Winner J McMichael's b. g. by Ventlllator-Nutbrown. Wolhurst closed strong
throueh the stretch. Urchin an improved horse. Formero at on« tlm« looked a winner,
showing In the lead below eighth pole. With a stronger boy up. Ripley could have won.
Lavator no speed. ¦ _ ll^^;^.^. l _ l^_^^^^^^_ lJ^^_^ -^ -^^ rvn-lf> _ r^- > _^-_,_ _^_
32SG. SIXTH RACE — Seven furlonga; selling; three-year-olda and upward; to first, $323.
_ , _ Betting.
Index Horse." Age. Weight: St. #. %. Btr. Fto. Owner and Jockey. Op- Cl.
(32TlTxitear 6 106 5 ;2 % 2a 3 4 11% Mrs. P. E. Jones.O'Conr 7-5 7-5
1^67 Quiz II 4 ."""l01 8 4 2 42 2n 2 3 J. M. Crane.. ..Redfern 10 15
{'V>1*H Younsr Morello. 5.107 311 11 lh 31 "W. Scharetg. .J. Woods 10 1O
£ro Hungarian 6 1 .".105 4 5% 5 2 4% 4% Geo. W. Miller. .Troxler 3 5
P?l Lodelur "A. 104 9 817 5 C2 51 D. O'Keef a & Co.Brkrth 5 10
3 Mission 5 ....104 2 3% 3 h 62 6 10 James Wilson. .. .Ranach 5 7
"•T3 Darlene 4 I.... 9» 1 02 92 72 71 Dr.H. E. Rowll.L-A.Jksn 20 SO.
£uo SaSddo Lee 8.. 92 10 10 10 8 2 82 Ted Hayes J. Daly 100 300
31S4 The Singef 5. . 104 6 61 64 91 91 W.P.Magrane & Co.Hoar 10 10
3255 lyed DenTI: 5.....1O4I 7 7 2 8 V, 10 10 iPiedmont Stable. Jackson I 5 4
Time— V. -24- % :49i4; ?i. 1:17%: %. 1:30^4. Good start. Won first three driving. Wln
np- Mrs' p' E Jones &Co.'s b. g. by Islington- Joy. O'Connor on winner rode a very
¦tron* finish ' Quiz ran a nice race. Morello displayed improvement Hungarian a dis
appointment.' Mission cut off once on back stretch. Ned Dennis quit. Scratched— Ural 101.
Second Officer Fred Franks of the steam
ship Doric was held up early yesterday
morning at Second and Brannan streets
and robbed of $25. He was on his way
aboard ship when two men stepped out
of a shadow and one of them stuck a re
volver under his nose. The, other went
through his pockets. Before the pocket
searcher had completed his task the sound
of approaching footsteps 'alarmed the
footpads, who vanished into the. night.
The feet that sounded the alarm belonged
to Third Officer J. Dennison, also of the
Doric. Franks and Dennison tried to lo
cate the men of the road, Intending to
hold them up, but the disappearance had
been managed perfectly, and after an
hour's tramp the sailormen gave up the
chase.
I>orio Officer Meets Footpads.
Fourth race — One mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward.
(32C0)Duckoy 1001 3237 Horton 109
3250 Galanthus ...10l! (3273)Dlderot .;.... 101
Third race— One mile and an eighth, selling;
four-year-olds and upward. . .." .
(3274)Bab . .. ".. ...-.104 8238 Picador ......109
2954 Hohenlohe ... 114 (3275)Loyal S 108
32S5 Formero Ill 32S9 Master Lee... HI
Second race — Three and a half furlongs,
purse; two-year-olds and upward.
3160 Tom Mltchell..lO2| 3270 H. Chancellor.118
Gavlota 1101 3091 ArtYls 113
3270 Sylvia Talbot.1151.
Secretary and : Manager' Price an
nounced yesterday that the scene of rac
ing operations will snortly be transferred
to Tanforan Park. Saturday, February
22, has been set as the opening day at
the San Mateo County course.
The Schorr horses and others will be
sold- at the Occidental Horse Exchange
next Monday night..
Declarations were due yesterday for the
Burns handicap and the following horses
are still eligible to start: Diderot, Black
Dick, Frangible, All Green, Scotch Plaid,
Corrigan, Articulate, Horton, The Fret
ter. Nones, Obia, Joe Frey. Bab, Grey
field and Eonic.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events: . _
First race — Seven furlongs, selling; three
year-olds and upward.
3285 Urchin 105*3279 The Miller 105
3277 H. Thatcher. .100 82S6 Darlene 100
3255 Huachuca ....103 32S6 The Singer 105
3203 Merops ......105 3278 Chandoo .....105
Track Notes.
and when last seen was sailing away be
fore the wind, with liberty to go where
she pleased. She was leaking, and vessels
of her structure when filled with water
invariably capsize. Upon the time it takes
for -her to fill to the capsizing point de
pends upon how long she will tear around
in the course of coasters. She is just as
capable of inflicting damage as if fully
manned, and sailor folk will be anxious
until something more definite is heard of
her end.
Mrs. M. J. Carroll, Mrs. J. Kenwick, C. M.
Cooke, J A. Fenger, wife and child, W. J.
Lowrie, Mrs. K. E. Cooper, Mrs. C. Ballard,
J. F. Colburn. Mrs. M. Grau, Mrs. C. H.
Brown. Mr. Frltch. Mrs. Fritch, Mrs. Litch
field, E. S. Hart. S. F. Bers, H. R. Cass, C.
E. Palmer, Dr. J. Scott Byrne. John F. Black
well. G. U. Hind, Miss E. M. Wallace. H. T.
James. A. G. Stoll. Mrs. R. R. Hind. L. B.
Kerr, D. C. Sage, F. D. Greans, "W. B. Hayes,
J. Baker Jr.. H. McArthur and wife. T. W\
Nottingham. John Bayle. M. D. Hall, Charles
Hay. Dr. C. A. Altenburger, Dr. J. H. East.
Captain and Mrs. S laker, E. D. Tenny and
wife.
gers and the usual big cargo of
island freight. Her time from port to
port was five days twenty hours, and
this through seme of the dirtiest weather
that has prevailed on the Pa'cific for a
long time. The Alameda got into port
just ir. time, for an hour after she en
tered the harbor the bar began to break
to the extent of effectually locking the
Golden Gate for the night. It was pretty
rough when the pilot boarded the steam
ship, but just the same a record for pilot
catching was established which will be
hard to beat. When the dinsey contain
ing Pilot Kortz was sighted the Ala
meda's course Teas directed toward the
little craft. At 3:21 p. m. Captain Herri -
inan gave the signal to stop. At 3:22 p.
m. the signal "full speed ahead" was
given. In the interval the dingey had
come alongside, Kortz had grabbed the
Jacob's ladder, climbed up the side and
v.-as aboard the steamship. This would
be a short stop with the water like a
millpond. When yesterday's record was
made there was a big sea en, the liner
was pitching heavily and the dingey was
tossing up and down like a feather In a
March gale. Two stowaways on board
the Alameda caused the quarantine au
thorities to detain the vessel for about
an hour. The plague in Honolulu is said
to have disappeared altogether, but the
authorities still insist upon the steerage
passengers undergoing an inspection.
This formality the stowaways for obvious
reasons tailed to observe.
The Alameda brought up cabin passen
gers as follows:
THE Oceanic Steamship Com
pany's liner Alameda arrived In
port yesterday afternoon from
Honolulu with about 140 passen-
SCHOONER LAURA PIKE ABANDONED LEAKING BY OFFICERS AND CREW OFF CAPE MENDOCINO.
WHEN LAST SEEN THE PIKE WAS STANDING OFF WITH JIB AND MAINSAIL SET. THE CREW WAS
RESCUED BY THE STEAMER NOME CITY.
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. ¦ The plane of reference la the mean of
the lower low waters.
"I wish to declare most emphatically
that I never said any such thing, either
at Payson or at any other place. I have
expressed my sentiments as to the families
of men who contracted plural marriages
years ago; that they should provide for
and educate- and take care of them . in
every proper way. I say so now, but the
remarks attributed ¦ to me about 'Uncle
Sam' I never made, and the statement
that I did so Is utterly and wickedly
false."
President Smith, when seen to-dav,
made the following statement in regard to
this section of the report:
Among the specified statements by
church leaders on the questions dwelt on
in the report is the following: , ¦
¦ "Joseph F. Smith, formerly chief coun
sellor to President Snow and now presi
dent of the church, said in 1896, while
dedicating a meeting house in Payson:
'Take care of your polygamous wives. We
don't care for Uncle Sam now.' "
Third — That the Mormon authorities continue
to publicly teach and insist upon the rightful
ness of polygamy Is abundantly proven by
public utterances of high. officials.
First — Polygamous cohabitation a« evidenced
by the birth of children or the acknowledgment
of parties concerned or concurrent testimony of
neighbors, and sometimes by all of these,. Is
proven to continue in multiplied Instances in
Salt' Lake City, Logan, Brig ham City, Provo,
Payson, Smithfleld, American Fork, Prlce t
Sandy, Tooele and elsewhere In Utah, and also
In Paiisiyand Montpeller, In Idaho.
Second — That plural marriages have been
contracted since the church manifesto was Is
sued Is shown by the returns giving the names
of parties In several of the above mentioned
places, some of- the new plural wives not hav
ing come to a marriageable age, as early as
181K). the date of that document.
The returns coming from parties whose re
liability can in every case be. vouched for by
members of this body show the following con
ditions prevailing at the present time:
This report is to be used as a petition
for the passage of a constitutional amend
ment prohibiting polygamy, and will be
sent to the Judiciary committees of Con
gress. The report, which is quite lengthy,
sets forth that positive evidence can be
produced that polygamy Is both practiced
and taught by the Mormons at the pres
ent time in open defiance of the laws of
the State.' The document contains numer
ous quoted statements "alleged to have
been made by Mormon leaders in which
the practice and teaching of polygamy are
advocated and urged, regardlefs of man
made laws to the contrary.
The document is the' outgrowth of nu
merous meetings of the alliance, resulting
several months ago in the appointment
of a. committee to investigate thoroughly
the reports of the continued practice of
polygamy, such evidence to be used in the
campaign for a constitutional amendment
against polygamy. The ministers
that the evidence is in such. shape that it
could be produced ¦ as evidence in court
if it became necessary to do so. Besides
being sent to the Judiciary committees of
Congress, the document, it is said, is to
be extensively circulated in the East to
further the. campaign for the anti-polyg
amy amendment to the constitution.
The report, after quoting a number of
Mormon. leaders In favor of the practice
of. polygamy, dwells at some length. upon
the colonization schemes of the church,
which, according to the committee's re
port, have a twofold purpose, viz.: To
enable the Mormons to practice polygamy
"where they will be free from the,scru
tiny of- their Gentile neighbors," and to
secure the balance of political power in
the ; sparsely settled States of the "West,
thus blocking the way of any proposed
hostile national legislation. /The report
sums up as follows:
SALT. LAKE CITY, Utah. Feb. 11.— The
Ministerial Alliance of Salt Lake has
unanimously -adopted } the report of the
committee of that organization appointed
to investigate and report upon the alleged
practice and teaching of polygamy by the
Mormons at tho present time.
Congress Will Be Asked to Pass a
Constitutional '¦'• Amendment to
N Prohibit the Alleged Prac
tice in Utah.
Charge Is Made That Plural
Marriages Are Usual
: Affairs.
"Winnie O'Connor took the closing race
with Nllgar, a 7 to 5 choice. Passing
Young Morello and Quiz II in the stretch,
O'Connor got the favorite home nearly
two lengths before the last named starter.
It was, probably fortunate for the back
ers of old Wolhurst, winner of the mile
and a. furlong run, that a stronger rider
did not have the mount on Joe Ripley,
the 2 to 1 favorite. Brodlen. a light
weight, did well until it came to a stage
in the stretch where strong urging was
necessary. Then he . lacked strength and
the veteran racer, after - having- cut out
the pace in company Urchin, slowly
.'¦11 to the rear. "Texas" Winslette now
played checkers with "Wolhurst and, driv
ing hard, crossed the line half a length
before Urchin. Formero showed improve
ment, finishing a close third. . ' .
£-rr«ia HE talent at Oakland - yesterday
¦ . ¦¦ made few mistakes. Some short-
I priced horses were extensively
JJL plunged on, four out of the
six splashed In through the- mud
first at the wire. Juicy going Is always
prolific of a world of tips. The attend
ance was quite up to the average.
. Bullman started' in by capturing the
opening: purse with Hilary, a 4 to 1 chance.
He beat the others away from the gate
and, : hustling the gelding throughout, won
by two lengths from Screenwall Lake. Al
zura', the favorite, ran out through the
str&ch with O'Connor, finishing fifth.
A five-f urlons dash for maiden three
year-olds resulted in a victory for Lass
of Langdon. The filly closed an even
money . favorite and, leading from the
start, beat out Bud "Wade two lengths.
Conley landed Breton in third place.
Adirondack, the game little two-year
old from the Burns &.\Vaterhouse stable,
and a 9 to 10 choice, had a close call from
defeat in the four-rurlong spin. Bullraan,
who had the leg up, slipped 'away from
his field as the barrier flew up, stealing a
march of three lengths. O'Connor on Dot
terel got up dangerously close in the
stretch, and the two crack riders indulged
in a furious drive to the wire. Both
youngsters stood the gaff well, Adiron
dack lasting just long enough to get a
nose verdict. Nigrette was third.
For a time during the progress of the
six-furlong selling run. it looked as if
John Peters would take the measure of
the favorite. Tower of Candles. Caesar
Young's mare stood a long drive, how
ever, and- eventually disposed, of the
Schorr horse by a length. Prestano ran
a fair race, leading out Phyllis for the
show. ... ,
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Religious Alliance in Ses
sion^ at Salt Lake
Acts.
Bullman, Astride Adirondack, harns a Nose Decision Uver
Dotterel, Piloted by O'Connor-John Peters Brings Tower
of Candles to a Drive— Joe Ripley Fails to Get a Mark
MUD HORSES PERFORM ADMIRABLY
AND TALENT CASH MANY TICKETS.
MINISTERS
BEGIN WAR
ON POLYGAMY
' N ¦ ' ¦¦ ¦-'•'.¦ ¦¦'¦¦¦'¦ - ¦ '¦• ¦¦¦•¦¦¦•¦¦ ¦.•¦ ¦•' - ¦ -"flHffp' "
THE SA1* FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUAIIY 12, 1902.
Picks Up Her Pilot in a Tumbling Sea and Stops Her En
gines Only Sixty Seconds to Do it, Establishing a
New Record for Pilot Catching on the Pacific Coast
ALAMEDA ARRIVES FROM HONOLULU
AFTER FIVE DAYS OF HEAVY STORM
10
Steamer. I
From.
Due.
S. Monica Humboldt
Crescent City Crescent City
Coos Bay gan Pedro & Way Ports
Empire Coos Bay
bpoxane San Diego & Way Ports.
Pt. Arena Point Arena
North Fork. . Humboldt
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports
Washtenaw.. Tacoma . > ;.......
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford
Mackinaw... Tacoma
Rival Wlllapa Harbor
Pomona Humboldt
Zealandia Tahiti
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria....'.
Nippon Maru China & Japan/.
Luxor i Hamburg: & West Coast
£* in . le ,r Seattle & N. Whatcom.
Chehalls San Pedro...
Pleiades Seattle "."""i
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Ports
Eonlta Newport & Way Ports
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports...
Eureka...... Humboldt
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports"
ban Juan Panama & Way Ports.
Columbia Portland & Astoria.
Mandalay Coquille River. . *
City of Pueblt Puget Sound Ports
Newburgr San Pedro ....... . ""
Peru China & Japan ""
Feb. 12
Feb. 12
Feb. 12
Feb. 13
Feb. 13
Feb. 13
I Feb. la
Feb. 13
Feb. 131
Feb. 13
Feb. 13
I Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 11
Feb. 14
Feb. IB
Feb. 15
Feb. 15
Feb. 15
Feb. 16
Feb. 16
Feb. l(i
Feb. 10
Feb. 16
Feb. 17
Feb. 18
Feb. 19
Feb. 20
Feb. 21
Feb. 21
Feb. 22
cteamer.
For.
Sails.
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb.' 14
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports ; Feb. 14
E. Thompson Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 55
City of Seattle Skagway & Way Ports. | Feb.' 16
Steamer. Destination. I
. —
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
s February 12. ."
Brunswick. Humboldt Bay
R. Dollar. Seattle & Hadlock.
Jurgo Coqullle River
Alliance. ... Portland & Way..
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma. .
State Cal.. San Diego & Way..
Columbia. . . Astoria & Portland
February 13.
Sequoia Grays Harbor
G. Lindaner Grays Harbor
Phoenix?... Uendocino City ....
Lakm« Astoria & Portland.
Eureka Humboldt .........
February 14.
Santa Ana. Seattle &. Tacoma..
February 15.
Empire Coos Bay
Chenalis. . . Grays Harbor. . . . . . |
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orf'dj
8. Monica.. Humboldt .........|
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena .. 1
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.|
Doric ;. China & Japan |
Alameda... Honolulu T
Queen Puget Sound Ports.
¦ . , ¦ " February 10.
Pomona. . . . Humboldt .........
Spokane 8. Diego & "Way Pts
Norm J?ork. Humboldt
. . : . February 17.
G. Elder Astoria & Portland
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ..
1 .- • February 18.
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way.
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts
J. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma .:
February It).
Bonlta Newport & Way Pta
Australia.. Tahiti direct 'about)
Kyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What.
February 2O. |
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports.. |
8 pm Pier 28
12 m Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 10
6 pm Pier . 8
» am Pier 11
11 am Pier 2}
5 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 24
3 pm Pier 13
0 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 13
10 an Pier 2
10 am | Pier 13
I & pm|Pier .2
112 m Pier la
(10 am I Pier 2
I 2 pm|Pler a
| « am|Pier 11
I 1 pni|PAlSS
2 pm|Pler 7
11 am|Pler \>
1:30 p Pier 0
9 am Pier 11
a am Pier a
11 am Pier 24
5 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 10
|12 m|P.MSS
10 am Pier ; 2
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 7
...... Pier —
5 pm Pier 2
|11 am|Pier, &
£¦ Ft Ft. Ft"
• - H W| L W - •-.- H W ;J L W
12 2:09 5.0 8:10 1.6 2:18 4.4 *8-12
13 2:45 6.M 9:06 1.4 3:25 4.1 9:00
14 3:20 ¦ 5.1 10:17 ' 1.2 4:51 3.S 9:53
15 4:20 5.2 11:31 0.9 6:28 .3.7 10:50
16 6:21 « 5.2 12:40 : 0.4 7:49 3.9...
L W - ¦¦ H W L W H W'
17 0:ll| 2.9 6:29 5.3 1:44 0.1 8:5?
18 1:22] 2.9 7:38 5.4 2:40 — 0.2 9:44
f» 2:24| 2.9 8:41 5.6 3:29—0.4 10:28
Ft
;'¦ 1.7
I 2.1
,2.5
:2.S
" 4.2
4.5
I 4.8
Steamer. I
From.
Due.
S. Monica Humboldt
Crescent City Crescent City
Coos Bay gan Pedro & Way Ports
Empire Coos Bay
bpoxane San Diego & Way Ports.
Pt. Arena Point Arena
North Fork. . Humboldt
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports
Washtenaw.. Tacoma . > ;.......
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford
Mackinaw... Tacoma
Rival Wlllapa Harbor
Pomona Humboldt
Zealandia Tahiti
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria....'.
Nippon Maru China & Japan/.
Luxor i Hamburg: & West Coast
£* in . le ,r Seattle & N. Whatcom.
Chehalls San Pedro...
Pleiades Seattle "."""i
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Ports
Eonlta Newport & Way Ports
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports...
Eureka...... Humboldt
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports"
ban Juan Panama & Way Ports.
Columbia Portland & Astoria.
Mandalay Coquille River. . *
City of Pueblt Puget Sound Ports
Newburgr San Pedro ....... . ""
Peru China & Japan ""
Feb. 12
Feb. 12
Feb. 12
Feb. 13
Feb. 13
Feb. 13
I Feb. la
Feb. 13
Feb. 131
Feb. 13
Feb. 13
I Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 14
Feb. 11
Feb. 14
Feb. IB
Feb. 15
Feb. 15
Feb. 15
Feb. 16
Feb. 16
Feb. l(i
Feb. 10
Feb. 16
Feb. 17
Feb. 18
Feb. 19
Feb. 20
Feb. 21
Feb. 21
Feb. 22
cteamer.
For.
Sails.
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb.' 14
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports ; Feb. 14
E. Thompson Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 55
City of Seattle Skagway & Way Ports. | Feb.' 16
£¦ Ft Ft. Ft"
• - H W| L W - •-.- H W ;J L W
12 2:09 5.0 8:10 1.6 2:18 4.4 *8-12
13 2:45 6.M 9:06 1.4 3:25 4.1 9:00
14 3:20 ¦ 5.1 10:17 ' 1.2 4:51 3.S 9:53
15 4:20 5.2 11:31 0.9 6:28 .3.7 10:50
16 6:21 « 5.2 12:40 : 0.4 7:49 3.9...
L W - ¦¦ H W L W H W'
17 0:ll| 2.9 6:29 5.3 1:44 0.1 8:5?
18 1:22] 2.9 7:38 5.4 2:40 — 0.2 9:44
f» 2:24| 2.9 8:41 5.6 3:29—0.4 10:28
Ft
;'¦ 1.7
I 2.1
,2.5
:2.S
" 4.2
4.5
I 4.8
Steamer. Destination. I
. —
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
s February 12. ."
Brunswick. Humboldt Bay
R. Dollar. Seattle & Hadlock.
Jurgo Coqullle River
Alliance. ... Portland & Way..
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma. .
State Cal.. San Diego & Way..
Columbia. . . Astoria & Portland
February 13.
Sequoia Grays Harbor
G. Lindaner Grays Harbor
Phoenix?... Uendocino City ....
Lakm« Astoria & Portland.
Eureka Humboldt .........
February 14.
Santa Ana. Seattle &. Tacoma..
February 15.
Empire Coos Bay
Chenalis. . . Grays Harbor. . . . . . |
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orf'dj
8. Monica.. Humboldt .........|
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena .. 1
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.|
Doric ;. China & Japan |
Alameda... Honolulu T
Queen Puget Sound Ports.
¦ . , ¦ " February 10.
Pomona. . . . Humboldt .........
Spokane 8. Diego & "Way Pts
Norm J?ork. Humboldt
. . : . February 17.
G. Elder Astoria & Portland
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ..
1 .- • February 18.
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way.
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts
J. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma .:
February It).
Bonlta Newport & Way Pta
Australia.. Tahiti direct 'about)
Kyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What.
February 2O. |
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports.. |
8 pm Pier 28
12 m Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 10
6 pm Pier . 8
» am Pier 11
11 am Pier 2}
5 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 24
3 pm Pier 13
0 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 13
10 an Pier 2
10 am | Pier 13
I & pm|Pier .2
112 m Pier la
(10 am I Pier 2
I 2 pm|Pler a
| « am|Pier 11
I 1 pni|PAlSS
2 pm|Pler 7
11 am|Pler \>
1:30 p Pier 0
9 am Pier 11
a am Pier a
11 am Pier 24
5 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 10
|12 m|P.MSS
10 am Pier ; 2
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 7
...... Pier —
5 pm Pier 2
|11 am|Pier, &
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This signature is on every box of the gennins
, Laxative Bromo«Quinine Tablet*
th > remedy that cures m eoM In ©no Uaj,
GH B A 9 Anynunltlon and Sporting
Rgil \JB Goods. Largest Stoclc. Low-
n a ERa Tiw est Price! »- Until closa of
H BiflB a huntlns «ason will offer
<ClkV & H fey Buna at reduced prices.
• fae J?5^i or catalogue.
- SHEIJVK ft BARBES CO..
739 Market 3t*ai 5U Seiray St
A Q& i:5I XA3I2r:T. 1st- 6ii7a.S.r.Cjl.
\ ITT The Largest Anatomical Musauxn in the
A '!"[»- World. Weaknesses or any contracted
? OSiSM *«*« jo»ltl»*ly cared by the oldest
© /s5?Mn Spec* list0l>u l eCMSt - £>t- 36 yean.
k gfft?li DR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN
\ F<K*9^9 Conraltiticn free and stiictly priTate.
0 I lSy» Jf Treatment personally or by letter A
¥ B frVtfft iV»«'tr»« Cta-« in erery ease undertaken
Amn }\m Wn:: f« Book. PHa0SUPBY*r
r * ii r" ssAnniAGE. mailsd fkbs. (a
v II II valuable book for mm)
V OS. JfOCDAX & €*>- 1051 Market St.S. P.
HUSEGM OF ANATOMY
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that corns
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 32S Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire on©
of their free trial packages, will be com"
piled with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reacjiing that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to ba
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy It Is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so- that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-'-
licity. Readers are requested to wrlta
without delay. - -"L"£_
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for years asainst the mental and physical
suffering: of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It Is a homa
treatment, and all men who suffer from ,
any . form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cura
themselves at home.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men. ; - v.»-
SENT FREE TO MEN!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ncrvc-racked, weary and
heavy-eyed, the head that
seeks repose finds only
ceasless tossing and fever-
ish unrest. Strange fancies
— vague forbodings— fill
the mind with harrowing
. thoughts until morning
brings its rasping headache,
irritable temper, and loss of
appetite. Rest the nerves — ,
build them up — and
gentle, restful, refreshing
sleep will be yours, j • . . >
•My crcatest trouble was sleepless-
ness. I was nervocs and restless, and
would toss and roll "for hours. Had
no ambition and had to abandon
business. One bottle of Dr.~ Miles*
Nervine put me on my feet again,"
Simon A. Gibsok, Georgetown, Els.
Nervine
gires that sweet sleep so
grateful to body and mind-
Sold by druggists on guarantee. -
Dr. Miles Medical Co, EMiart, Ind.New York Grain and Produce.
Continued on Page Thirteen,
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
CANNED ASPARAGUS— The California
Fruit Canners' Association quotes the 1 follow
ing prices for 1902, per case,* 2 dozen cans to
the case: Mammoth White, $2 50@3 75; Large
White." $2©3 75; Medium White, $1 75@2 65;
Small White. $1 60; Mammoth Green, $2 65®
3 63; Large Green, $2<$2 90; Medium Green,
$1 75®2 50; Small Green. $1 50.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows. In 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples. $1 Ooffll 45; Apricots. $1@,1 50; . Peaches,
yellow, $1 20@l 63; do. Lemon Cling, $1 30<g>
1 75; Bartlett Pears, $1 25@1 75; Plums. 90c@
$1 25; Nectarines, $1©1 60; Muscat Crapes, 95c
«ffi$l 35; Quinces. $1 10@l 55; Strawberries,
$1 30@l 75; Blackberries, $1 30@l 60..
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9: Seattle, $6 60; Bryant. $6 50;
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $8 60; Co-operative
Wallsend. $8 60; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
;<-Wel»h Anthracite,' $14; Cannel, $11 per
ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs
and $S 50 per ton, according to brand.
CORDAGE — The. local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 16c per lb;
Sisal size, 11 %c; Bale -Rope, ll@ll%c; Duplex.
10y.c. Terms, 60 days, or. 1% per cent cash
discount. Lots of 10.000. lbs lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 3%c;
cases. Regular, 4c; cases. Extra Large, 4%c;
cases. Eastern style. 5%c: Boneless. 4%c;
"Norway," 6c; "Narrow Gauge." 5%c: "Silver
Poultry arid Game,
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 43,000; to-morrow
45,000; left over, 7000; slow and a shade lower'
closed strong; mixed and butchers; $5 95@>U 40;
CHICAGO, Feb. . 11.— CATTLE— Receipts
6000, including 400 Texans; - steady; .good r to
prime steers, $0 60@7; poor to medium, $4@0;
stockers and feeders, $2 50@4 50; cows, $1 25@
5; heifers,; $4 50@5 25; canners, $1 25@2 25;
bulls, $2 25@4 90; calves, $2 50@7 60; Texas
fed steers. $4®6. V- '. <f .-,¦ , . ..
CHICAGO,
Eastern' Livestock Market.
COFFEE — Spot. Rio, quiet. ' No. 7 Invoice,
6%c: mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@12c. Futures
WOOL— Quiet.
Practically all of the session wheat ruled
very firm to a moderate trade, mostly cover-
Ing of shortB anxious to even up for the holi
day. Other bull factors included a large de
crease in world's/ stocks, crop complaints and
light offerings. . Closed %c higher. * May, 83%
©8313-lCc, close& 83%c; July, closed 83% c.
HOPS— Quiet. ' -
HIDES— Quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts. 10.450 bushels; exports.
6S.90O bushels: ¦ spot, firm. No. 2 red, 88%c
f. o. b. afloat and 90%c elevator; No. 1 North
on, Duluth 85%c f. ob afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, 88%c f. o. b. afloat. • .
NEW 'YORK, Feb. II.— FLOUR— Receipts
13,288 barrels; exports, 8800; showed continued
firmness and a fair trade at old prices.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA,- Feb. 11.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; bluestem, - 65c; club, -64c. .-¦
PORTT^AND, Feb. 11.— WHEAT— Nominal;
Walla Walla, C5c; bluestem, 66c ;- valley,, 64@i
65c
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury shows: Available cash
balance. $174,203,896; gold, $87,062,874.
Condition of the Treasury.
PORTLAND, Feb. 11.— Clearings, $571,276;
balances. $8S, 607. , - : /,
TACOMA. Feb/ 11.— Clearings, $152,280; bal
ances, ?29,949. ' .
SEATTLE, Feb. 11.— Clearings, $463,548; bal
ances, $C6,306. , . . -
SPOKANE, Feb. 11. — Clearings, $224,940;
balances, 555,114. . . r
Northern Business.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11. — Cotton futures closed
steady, with [prices net 9@13 points higher.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— Money on call steady
at 2@2% per cent; prime mercantile paper.
4@4% per cent. Sterling exchange was steady,
with actual business in bankers' bills at
$4 87% for demand and at $4 S4%ig;4 84% for
sixty days; posted rates, $4 85%@4 88; com- ;
merclal bills. $4 84%@4 84%. BaF silver. 55c
Mexican dollars, 43%c. Bonds— Governments
strong; States, weak; railroads, irregular.
New York Money Market.
General Merchandise.
The supply cf Hogs is now about equal to
the demand, and prices show n6 further change.
The few Spring Lambs coming In are bring
ing better rrices. but arrivals are almost too
small for a quotation: Prices for Beef, Veal
and Mutton remain about as before.
' Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ~
BEEF — 6%@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 8@9e; small,. 8@ 10c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 8®S%c; Ewes, 7%(&8o
per.lb.
LAMB— Yearlings, 9@9%c per lb; Spring
Lamb. 11®12%c per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, .200 lbs and under. C@
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 5%@5%c; feeders, 6%c;
sows, 20 per cent, off; boars, 30 per cent off.
and stags. 40 per cent off from. the above (quo
tations; dressed Hogs. 7%@9c. •
San Francisco Meat Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
General Kitchener's big haul of Boer pris
oners stimulated trading in Kaffirs. American
share were quieter. They began good, particu
larly the coalers, but later in the day profit
taking in anticipation of the holiday in Amer
ica brought about some recessions. The gen
eral contango was 4%. Erie, Southern Pacific
and Chesapeake and Ohio were scarce. Cana
dian Pacific dipped on the $19,000,000 new capi
tal, but recovered. Rio Tintos sold at 47% and
Copper at £55 5s the ton. ,
Money was steady with discounts at % per
cent.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 11.— The London market
for tin was advanced 5s. ~, which closed • spot
at £112 and futures at £108. The local market
was- also a shade higher, closing with spot
at $24 55JJ24 75. Copper was firmer, but quiet.
There was sellers' at 12%c for lake, 12%c for
electrolytic and 12%c for casting. The Lon.
don copper market was 2s 4d better, closing
at £55 for spot and £54 7s Cd for futures
Lead at New York was firm,, with spot quoted
at $4 12%. ? London closed Is- 3d higher at
£11 Us 3d. Spelter was steady, here at
$4 12% and London closed unchanged at £11T
12s 6d. Iron ruled firm at New York and un
changed. Glasgow closed 55s lOd; Mlddles
boro 50s l%d: Pig iron warrants closed here
at $11 50@12 50; No. 1 foundry, $17iail8; No.
2 foundry, northern, $16 25@17 25; No. 1
foundry, southern, -$10 25@1« 75; do soft,
$10 25@16 75. -. .
New York Metal Market.
, VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, 10c per lb; Greeri
Peas from Los Angeles, 4@8c; String Eeam>
from Los Angeles. 10@15c, including Wax*
Cabbage, 40@50c per etl; Los Angeles Toma
toes. $2' per box and $2@3 per crate-
Mexican Tomatoes, $2@3 per box; Dried Pep
pers, 12%@15c per lb; Los . Angeles do. ISSi
17%c; Dried Okra,12%@15c per lb; Carrots
35®50c per, sack; Hothouse Cucumbers $10
1 25 per dozen for large and 50@73c for'Bmall;
Garlic, 1%@2%c; Los. Angeles Green Peppers
25c; Mexican do, 20@25c; Egg Plant "from Los
Angeles," 25c; -Summer Squash from Los An
geles. $2@2 26; Marrowfat ¦ Squash, $S@lU
per ton; Hubbard - Squash, $S@10; Mushrooms,
40c@?l per box. ; " - ¦
ONIONS— Oregons. $2 25@2 65. first bands-
Australian, $3@3 25; Nevada, $2 75; Green
Onions, 60@65c per box.. -•v-.-
POTATOES— $1 10©l S5 for Burbanks from
the river; r Salinas Valley Burbanks, Si cos)
1 85; . Oregon Burbanks. $1 2ii@l 65; Oreeon
Garnet Chiles, '$1 40@l 65; River Reds, $1 500
1 60; Early Rose, for seed, $1 50@l 75; tmaU
Burbanks, • for seed, $1 35.gl 45; Sweets, SI 40
for Merced.
Peas and Beans from Los Angeles were plen
tiful and a large quantity of the former were
oarried over from - the previous day. Other
Vegetables from Los Angeles continued scarce
and high. New Rhubarb from San Leandro
sold readily at the quotation and • Mushrooms
were in oversupply^and weaker..
Onions, like' Potatoes, are - more or less
frosted. - and • as receipts have been larger ot
late the >¦ market Is rather weak.. Very few
sales af e reported at the top quotation and
lower prices are looked for in the near future.
One car v came in from Oregon . and a car of
Nevadas is reported close at hand.
- Potatoes from Oregon continue to show the
effects of frost, - and while untouched stock is
firm and in very fair, demand frosted lots are
passed over by buyers, and are consequently
dragging. Fancy Burbanks from the River
and Salinas Valley continue firm and Seed Po
tatoes meet with ready sale under a steady in-'
quiry from the country. 1 . .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 85@3; Yellow
Mustard, $:$ 25@3 50; Flax, ?2 40@2 75- Ca
nary, 3'/i(g3%c. for Eastern; Alfalfa, from
Utah. 8%c; Rape, 1%@1%c: Hemp. 3V»c per lb
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 25@1 65"; Green
$1 25@1 60 per ctl.
BEANS— Bayos,. $2 / 40@2 50; Small White.
$3 10@3 25; Large White, $2 75@3; Pea $3 50
@4; Pink, $1 75S2 10; Red, $2 25@2 50- Black
eye, $3 50©3 65: Limes, $4 40@4 60; Red Kid
neys. $3 B0@3 75 per ctl.
Beans are very dull. Some dealers say that
they have received practically no orders for a
month. Quotations' remain the same. There
is nothing doing in Seeds.
Beans and Seeds.
BOSTON, Feb. 11. — The wool market. at the
present time is In excellent condition. The
demand is moderate, but some fair sales have,
been made and good prices are received on
transactions. .The announcement was made
by the American Woolen - Company that the
Providence, National,. Riverside, Manton and
Weybosset mills, which have been "shut down
because of labor troubles, would be reopened,
causing general satisfaction. While no boom
is expected a steady trade " is anticipated.
Shipments since January 1 show an increase
of over 8,000,000 pounds over the same period
of 1001 and about 11,000,000 pounds more than
the receipts since the begln'nlng of -the present
year. Territory wools hold firm and the stock
of better wools has become considerably re
duced. Holders of good wools maintain full
market rates and buyers In need of supplies
readily pay these figures: For fine territory
wools the scoured basis. Is 47@49c, with some
choice lots up to 50c. For fine medium wools
about 43@45c; scoured is the range of sales,
the latter" being for good lots. The market for
medium territory wools is quotable at 38@40c,
clean and choice lines up to 42c cleaned.
Oregon wools are steady on the basis of 4i@40o
for fine medium and fine, with valley at 4ti@
48c; staple at 47@50c.
Boston Wool Market.
Quotations for Hay stand the same. The
rains naturally give the market an easier tone,
but they are still confined to the northern and
coast counties "and are therefore not sufficiently
widespread to actually lower prices. Receipts
are light and buyers are purchasing from hand
to mouth. . '
There Is no further change in Feedstuffs.
but the market Is easy, owing to the rain.
. BRAN— $18 30£fl9 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton. -
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $19^20 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27®2S; jobbing.
$28 50&29: Cocoanut Cake, $20©2l; Corn Meal,
?:»l(ft: J ,2; Cracked Corn,, $31 50@32 CO: Mixed
Feed, $17«IS CO; Cottonseed Meal, $26 60.
HAY— Wheat, $10<313 50; fancy, $14; Wheat
and Oat, $1O@13 50; Oat, $9<SH 50; Alfalfa,
$8(glO; Clover, $7@9; Volunteer. $6 50^3;
Stock, $6<&S 50 'per ton.
STRAW — 10@(i5c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 14,500 78% 78 78%
Atchison pfd 5,300 98% »S% 08%
Bait & Ohio 0.200 1(»5% 104% 105
Bait & Ohio pfd. . . JiW 96% 96% 90%
Canadian Pacific . - 1.7&0 115% 115% 115%
Canada Southern ¦ 87%
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,300 47 40% 46%
Cbic & Alton 400 34% 33% 33%
Chic & Alton pfd.. 200 76% 76 75%
Chic'lnd & Louis. 3,200 53% 62% 83%
Chic Ind & L pfd.. 000 77% 77% 77
Chic & East 111 '.. 142%
Chic & Great West 1,800 23% . 23 23%
Chic & G W A pfd. 100 84%^ 84% 84
Chic & G W B pfd 44%
Chic & Northwest. 100 221 221 219
Chic R I & Pac... 3,000 166% 165 1C5%
Chic Ter & Tr. . . .. 100 10% 16% 16%
Chic Ter & Tr pfd. 200 31% 31% 31%
C C C & St Louis. 400 104 102% 103
Colo Southern 1,000 16% 16% 16%
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 2.800 66% 66 06%
Colo Sou 2d pfd 2,500 33 32% 32%
Del & Hudson..... S00 173% 172% 172%
Del Lack & West. 600 286 281% 281%
Denver & Rio G.. 600 44% 44 44
Denver & R G pfd. 700 93% 93% 93%
Erie 23,500 40% 40% 40%
Erie 1st pfd 900 70% 69% 70
Erie 2d pfd .-.. 1,000 58 57% 67%
Great Northern pfd 700 189 189 188%
Hocking Valley ... 200 69 C9 CS%
Hocking Val pfd.. 200 84% 84% 84%
Illinois Central 1,500 143 142% 142%
Iowa Central 8,200 47% 40 47.
Iowa Central pfd.. 3.400 81% 79% 80%
Lake Erie & West. 100 09 69 68
Lake Erie & W pfd 200 136% 136 134%
Louis & Nash 7.100 105% 105% 105%
Manhattan L...... 15,400 134% 133 132%
Met Street Ry...... 14,700 172 170% 171
Mix Central 1.000- 29 28% 28%
Mex National 3.IO0 16% 16% 16%
Minn & Bt Louis... 2.800 110% 10U% 110
Mo Pacific 8,800 104 . 103% 103%
Mo Kan & Tex.... 200 24% 24% 24
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 200 63% 53- 53
N J Central 100 195 195 194
N Y Central...... 6.100 1C<$% 165% 165
Norfolk & West... 4,100 68 67% 57%
Norfolk & W pfd.. 300 91 »1 - 90%
Ontario & West.. 3,700 34% 34% 34%
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
NEW YORK. Feb. ll.— To-day's stock mar
ket showed a further expansion in the deal
ings and the great irregularity of the market
continued. The selling side was rather better
represented than yesterday, but many promi
nent stocks took up the advance at new
points. The disposition to take profits was
very natural on the eve of a holiday There
was obviously some misgiving also among
speculative buyers lest the expectations of
coming deals would not be realized. This was
especially the case among local tractions,
where the glamour of the coming announce
ment of the. Metropolitan Street Railway deal
has suffered some decline. The anxiety on the
subject was keener as an announcement is
thought possible over the holiday. Recent
sanguine expectations of benefits to accrue
to the express companies from some sort of
consolidation suffered from eclipse as shown
by the sharp drop of 7% In United' States Ex
press, although the stock finally rallied 4%
American Express, after rising nearly five
points, lost it again. There were however
significant points of strength in the market!
The Steel stocks were all very heavily bought
on encouraging trade prospects, but the
United States Steel stocks met enormous of
ferings at every slight advance. The late
movement in Pennsylvania was regarded as
an alternating movement with that in South
ern Pacific and due to operations by the same
interest. Texas and Pacific was advanced on
the strength of the Increase In the yearly dis
bursement on the company's second incomes.
The cause of the strength In the Iowa Cen
tral stocks and the Minneapolis and St. Louis
stocks was the supposed competition for con
trol between the Illinois Central and Rock
Island. There was very large buying of
Southern Railway and Louisville and Nash
ville and of a number of stocks of compara
tively email capitalization, which was not ex
plained. The buying of the Readings con
tinued very large, but they showed the effect
of profit taking. . The industrials as a rule
outside of the Steel stocks and some of the
Gas stocks, were Inclined to heaviness. Amal
gamated Copper showed a good recovery, but
closed with a small net loss. The closing was
active end irregular.
Business | in bonds continued very large and
the price movement irregular. Total sales,
par value. $4,640,000.
United States new 4s advanced % per cent
on the last call.
New York Stock Market.
Do 1st c 5sllO%112 Do 4s 3dm — —
Oak W G 5s. — 103%! Stkn Gas 6s. 102% —
'.¦"¦•¦ ¦ • : * <V,"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73% 74% Port Costa.. 63% 66
MarinCo...59 — Spring Val.. 87% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light... 43 —
Eqt G L Co. 2% — Sac E G&RC 20 33
Mutual ..... — 4% S F.G & E-. 43% 44%
O G L & H. 51% — San Fran... 5% 6
Pac G Imp. 36% 87% Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firsm's Fnd. — 275 )
BANKS. -Ut 2.'..
Angflo-Cal -.80 — L P * A. ..163 169
California ..417 — Mer Ex (llq) 18% —
Ca: Safe Dp.115 . — S F Natlonl.137% —
First NatnI.S25 350 '
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1950 Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.305 S50
Mutual Sav. 65 100 Union Trust. — 220O
S F Sav U..512% —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — I Market — 02
Geary — 60 [Presidio .... S3 45
POWDER.
Giant TS -— iVlgortt 3% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana 2% 4% Kilanea 0% 10
Hawaiian .. 38 — .Makawell .. 26% 27%
Honokaa ... 12 — Onomea .... 23% 24U
Hutchinson .14 14% Paauhau ... 12' 12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 164% — Pac A F A. — 8%
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac C Borax.163 —
Cal Wine As 98% 9i) Par Paint... 16 —
Ocsanic S Co 37 40
Morning Session.
Board —
lOOt Pacific Gas Improvement 37 00
100 Spring Valley Water, s 15 87 73
$2,000 S P of Arizona (1910) 113 75
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage). 101 75
$10 GOO Bay Counties Power Co 5s.... 109 00
Street—
100 Market Street Railway 90 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
- 10 Alaska Packers' Ass. a 3 165 00
50 California Wine Association.... 98 50
5 Spring Valley Water 87 50
50 Spring Valley Water." a 15 87 50
45 Spring Valley Water, s 15..... 87 25
2 Spring Valley Water 87 00
$1,000 Los Angeles Railway «'s. ... ..121 25
$10,000 Market Street Ry 1st con 5s... 122 00
$3,000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds 101 00
$1,000 S F & 9 J V Bonda... ;,.... ..123 00
$;j.0CO S P of Arizona U910) :....113 73
- $'2,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). .111 00
$•2,000 Spring Valley 4s <2d mtge> 102 SO
$1,000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage). 101 73
.' ..Street—
$10,CO0 S P of C 69 (1912) 122 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Bear Flag 05
1 Hanford :. 82 00
-200 Home 3 90
500 Junction 17
802 Reed Crude S5
1O Twenty-eight 1 SO
&50 "West. Lake 05
¦ Afternoon Session.
Board — ' w,;
125 Home 8 0.1'
1302 Reed Crude 35
. Do 5s 123 — c gntd 5s. 120 —
N Pao C 5s.l08%109% Do stmpd.,110% —
N Cal R 5s. 112% — S P BrCal6s.l39 —
Oak Gas 6s. 114 — S V Wat 68.114 —
Oak Trn 6s. 122 — Do 4s 102% —
Do lem 5s.l01 103 (1905)Sr B.109% —
Mkt-st C 6s. 125% — (1906) — 112*4
Do lem 6s.l22 — (1912) 121&122
N C R 6a. . .111% — B P of Cal 1st
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. — 1 — Oceanic 6s..lOO%101%
Bay CPC 5s. 109 109% Ombus C 6s. 131 —
Cal-st 5s.... 116% — Pac G Irn 4s. 95 VIM
C C Wat 5s. — — PkACH 6s. 105 —
Ed L.&.P 6s. — — Pk& O R 6s. 117 120
Fer& C H 6s.l2O — Pwl-st R 6s. 119% —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 6s. 95 97%
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV 63.12274123%
Do Bs — — Sierra Cal 63.103 —
L Ang R 5s. 122*4122% S P of Ar 6a
L A Light 6s — — (1909) 112«4 —
E« gtd 6s. — — (1910) 1139411411
Do gtd 5s.l03%104% S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. 101% — (1905)Sr A.109 —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
4s «r reg 112 112% ' 4s qr c (new) 138 % 139%
43 qr coup. .112 112% 3s qr coup. .108V*109
TUESDAY. Feb. 11—2:30 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 11.— Special cables and
telegraphic communications; to Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup
plies from last account, j .
Wheat — United States ana Canada, east
of«,the Rockies, decrease, 1,(523,000 bushels;
afloat for and In Europe, decrease, 1.800.0O0;
total supply, decrease. 3.423,000.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 350.000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 126,000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 1.&8 31 . 77
««d Bluff i.©« 16.02 J8.10
g»e«-?»ento 0.I6 8.65 -13.70
Ban Francisco 0.23 8.07 14. S3
f^eno 0.00 2.7« 9.11
lndepender.ee o.OO 1.39 3.47
Han Luis Oblspo Trace 6 24 °6 33
Los Angeles o.OO 4.21 13.09
Ban Diego 0.00 2.40 6.85
San Francisco data.: Maximum temperature.
67; minimum. Cl; mean, Z>i.
O20lh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 11—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
lart season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Weather Report.
In the central and northern portions of the
State the weather has been considerably warm
er during the week, and cool weather has pre
vailed in the south, with occasional frosts.
Rain has fallen in all sections north of th>
TehachapL The precipitation In the San Joa
<iuin Vclley and the southern coast counties
W£s light, but In the Sacramento Valley and
th* northern coast and bay counties tire rain
fall was heavy. In come places interfering with
farm work. There Is a good supply of enow
In The mountains.
Grain Is in excellent condition in all the cen
tral and northern districts, and prospects con
tinue food for abundant crops. In portions
of the-£an Jcaquin Valley and Southern Cali
fornia more rain will be needed very soon to
make even a fair crop of grain. The warm
weather has caused a rapid growth of grain
and green feed. Pasturage Is abundant in
most places, and stock are doing well. Plow
ing and seeding are progressing In portions of
the Fan Joaquin Valley. Southern California
and the lower coast counties.
The orange crop is reported below expecta
tions In Southern California, but the truit is
mostly cf excellent flavor. Work In orchards
and vineyards Is progressing, and trees ar.i
vines are In first-class condition. Almonds are
in bloom in some sections. Apricot buds are
reported light in portions of the Sacramento
Valley. Deciduous fruit prospects are consid
ered excellent in nearly all places.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— Warm weather
has prevailed during the week, and rain has
fallen In all sections, greatly improving the
condition of grain and green feed. The sea
sonal rainfall la below the average, but the
¦oil Is in excellent condition. There Is a good
supply of snow In the mountains. Grain has
made rapid growth during the warm days, and
Is looking etrong and healthy: prospects are
good for a heavy yield of 'wheat and barley.
Pasturage Is plentiful, and stock are In good
condition. Orchards and vineyards are in first
class condition, and give Indications of good
crops. Almond trees are blooming in portions
of Yolo County. Apricot bud» are reported
light In some places.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.— Conditions
have been generally favorable for crops dur
ing the week, but heavy rains In the northern
counties have eomewhat retarded work In fields,
orchards and vineyards. The warm weather
has caused a rapid growth of grain and green
feed in all sections. The rainfall in the south
ern districts has been lighter than in the north,
but sufficient to greatly Improve crop prospects
and enable farmers to resume plowing and
eeedlng. Grain Is In excellent condition, and
large crops are probable. Pasturage is abund
ant, and stock are doing well. Orchards and
vineyards are in excellent condition.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY. — 'Warm weather
has prevailed during the week, and light rain
has fallen In the central and northern por
tions of the valley. The seasonal rainfall in
all sections la far below the average, and 1»
the southern district* crop prospects are not
good. Grain Is in fair condition In the north
ern counties, and has made rapid growth dar
ing th* warm weather. Green feed is very
scarce In some sections. Plowing, seeding and
pruning are progressing. Orchards and vine
yards are in excellent condition, and prospects
for an average yield of deciduous fruits and
grapes are very good. Irrigation water is
plentiful.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— The weather
has continued cool during the week, especially
along the coast, and frosts have occurred in
some eectlons. No rain nas fallen since last
Monday, but the rainfall of the preceding week
bag proved of great benefit to all crops. Grain
•own in December Is In excellent condition,
and green feed is becoming plentiful. More
rain will be needed eoon to insure good crops.
Water in the wells Is falling rapidly in por
tions of Orange County, and snow is disappear
ing from the mountains. Orchards and vine
yards are in good condition, and •work is pro
gr re seing.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Unsettled
•weather during most of the week, but no rain.
Weather Is too cool and dry for much growth'
ft vegetation. Top soil Is crusting and rain
I* badly needed. Oranges are in good demand;
the crop Is lighter than expected In places.
GENERAL SUMMARY,
The weekly report of A. O. McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. . May.
Opening ..0 1V4 . . - 6 1%
Closing 0 IVi 6 1%
• " PARIS. • -
Wheat — - Feb. May-Aug.
Opening Holiday. ¦
Closing
Flour— .. •
Opening
Closing
The January report of the president of the
Peerless Oil Company shows that January de
liveries of oil aggregated $11,345, against $8893
In December. A small dividend is expected in
May.
Business on the Bond Exchange was princi
pally In bonds, and the few stocks sold showed
little change. Spring Valley Water declined to
$87 and California Wine advanced to $98 50.
There was nothing new In the oil stocks.
HOPS— 10@Hc for fair and ll%@12c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote lOfp
15c for shipment, i- :'-: ¦• ;
WOOL — Fall, San Joaquln, 6@8c: San loa
quln Lambs', 7%®8%c; Middle County, 8@10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c; do
fall, 14@15c t>er lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— CUlls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c: light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 8%c for. light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9c: Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip, 14c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@3Oc
each; short Wool. 4O@0Oc each; medium. 65@
75c; long Wool, 80c#?l 10 each; Horse Hides,
sait, $2 75@3 for large and $2 50 for medium,
$1 75«7'2 for email and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry. $1 75 for large, $1 2501 50 for medium,
$1 25 for. small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c: winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, -75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 6%^6c per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3c.
' Hides are easy at the recent slight decline.
The easiness is enhanced by the large pro
portion of grubby stock on the market.
Hops are quoted firm and in good demand,
with all but a fraction of last year's crop
held by dealers. The. lower grades are quoted
slightly higher.
.There Is nothing new » In Wool, nor Is any
thing expected until the appearance of the
spring clip, which Is looked for about March
10. ' The feeling is strong, and It is antici
pated that prices for the new clip will te
somewhat higher shan last year, as' stocks
are whittled down to practically nothing.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; thres
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierce),
9 : J4c; five tierces, 9*4c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8c per lb for coin
pound and 10%@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure, 11 Vic; 10-lb tins; ll%c; 6-lb tins, lHic,
3-lb tins. 12c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11 %c per lb for
heavy, 12c for llsht medium. 13c for' light.
14c for extra light and 14%@15c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12@12%c:
California Hams, ll@12c; Mess Beef, $9 3t>@
10 per barrel; extra Mess, flu 50@ll; Family,
$11 60@12; prime Mess Pork, ?15; extra clear,
$22 50«<23; Mess. ?18 50@19; Smoked Bcf,
13%@14c per lb.
Chicago was slightly firmer again, but the
market was featureless. This market re
mained as before, being neglected and weak,
with selling of Hams down to cost of pro
duction and even lower.
Provisions.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the ! Butter
market was firm; creameries, 17@27%c; dai
ries, l(3@22c. Cheese, steady, 9%<&10Vic. Eggs,
firm ; fresh, 27c.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over th»
northwestern portion cf the country. A storm
cf moderate intensity overlies the • coast of
Washington and Oregon and high southerly
winds are reported from Cape Mendocino north
ward. High southwest winds are also reported
in Nevada, At Winnemucca thirty-eight miles
irom the west and at Carson City forty-six
from the southwest.
n=Vi?o^ ra!n ., c ° ntln , ues to fall over Northern
California and the rivers will continue to rise.
At Red Bluff the river stege is 23 2 feet.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight February 12-
Northern California— Cloudy unsettled weath
hlgli oi? Vhore W "^ brlSk northerl y winds;
Southern California— Cloudy, threatenine
Wednesday; fresh southwest winds.
Nevada— Rain or unow Wednesday; colder in
northern portion; high southerly winds.
iv?StL * Francisco and vicinity— Showers
Wednesday; brisk southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature at 7 a. m., 54 degrees
Articles — , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ., 28.00*) 27,000
Wheat, bushels .' 63.000 ' 101.000
Corn, bushels i 63,000 81,000
Oats, bushels 173,000^ 91,000
Rye, bushels 5,000 <¦ 10,000
Barley, bushels 33.000 40,000
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 11.
Flour, qr sks.. I3.1&R-Wool. sks...... 4
Wheat, ctls.... 169.851 'Bran, sks 480
Barley, ctls..... 6.130 Leather, rolls.. 114
Oats. Ctls 735,Quicksil. flsks.. 214
Rye, ctls 475, Tallow, ctls.... 22!>
Beans, sks 405 Sugar, ctls 2,052
Potatoes, sks... 505 Pelts, bdls &45
Onlon3, sks 101 'Hides. No 625
Middlings, sks.. 720 Lime, bbls 81
Hay. tons 120 Ba!sln3. sks.... 1.000
Straw, tons ... 27, Wine, gals 76,300
Hops, bales 8*
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 816; Potatoes, sks... 132
Oata. ctls 400i
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 71@75o; No.
2 red, 85@8Cc; No. 2 oats, 43 We: No. 2 while,
45%@45%c; No. 3 white. 42%@45%c; No. 2
rye, GOc; fair to choice malting barley, 60@
Cttc; No. 1 flax seed. ?1 68; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $171%; prime timothy seed, $6 60; mess
pork, per bbl, ?15 70@15 75; lard, per 100
lbs, .«9 37%@9 40; ehort ribs sides (loose),
?8 40<y8 CO; dry Baited shoulders (boxed), 7@
7yic; short clear sides (boxed), S8 8008 90;
whisky, basis of hljfh wines, $1 31; clover,
contract Krade, 19 25.
list for fruit in ehell Is quiet. Occasional lots
aj-e moved at Inside figures. Shelled varieties
are in fair request and some firmness is. noted
in both Jordan and Valencia almonds. Cha
bert walnuts are also firm and meet with at
tention from the confectionery trade." : ¦¦
"In raisins the feeling Is steady on seeded
In cartons, but no active buying interest Is
imported. Goods oSer from 8%c to S%c for
fancy 1-Ib cartons, according to holder, and
f V»o to S%o on choice. Loose is reported in
light supply, 'with 6 Tic asked In most Quar
ters for 3-cnnra grade. In London layers
$1 70 appears to be Inside at the moment. Va
lencia layers. Imported, are held at 7%c for
cpot and show firmness. To arrive ex On
laneda 7^c will buy from one holder. In
prune* there Is a somewhat better inquiry for
jobbing lots to report, and on strictly new
Sasta Clara fruit most holders are firm on
the C\c basis for 40-50s In 25-lb boxes. Under
grades and old fruit offer from %c to %c under
this figure. A private telegram from the coast
to-day reports that the association has sold a
block of 150 carloads of prunes to a buyer on
the coast. It is not known here whether the
fruit was old or new crop. Oregon prunes on
The spot are steady and In fair jobbing request.
In apricots there is some firmness shown and a
moderate movement. Peaches are steady and
some buying of choice grades Is noted. Pears
are t>carce and showing firmness. In dates the
decar.d for Persian Is moderate and prices are
ftatioriary, but held steady. Farde are c^uiet,
with some easiness noted. Figs are In good
jobbing request and show firmness on the
quote! basis. In nuts the feeling through the
Mali reports from JCew York say:
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
The market for everything remains about the
Fame, both here and in the East. Stocks are
light in all positions, but the demand is quiet.
Holders everywhere are firm, and no shading
of quotations Is reported anywhere.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, S@8%c; sundrled,' 4@4%c;
Peaches. 5@7%c; Pears. 4%@8%c; Plums, pit
ted, 4@5%c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@
5%c for red and 6!4@6%c for white; Figs. KJc
for black and tiO@T5c per box for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, C@6%c; 40-50's, 4vi@5V4c; 50-60's, 4%
@4%c; 60-70* s. 3%®4%c; 70@80'8. 3%©3%c; 80-
OCs, 29i@3V4c; 0O-10O's, 2%®2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6>4c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for uualeacbed and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, %1 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Layers, $1 25
®1 35.
NUTS*— Chestnuts. ll@12c; Walnuts, No. 1
sdftshell, 9%c; No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c,; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for paper
shell, 9®10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50(55. .
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright" and 10©
lie for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
6c; light amber . extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX — 27%@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Vh* teOomtag retail quotations for meats are
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers* ProtectlT* Association:
BEEF— Roast, 10<218o per lb: Tenderloin
Fiesk. 15®17%c; Porterhouse Steak, 17%#20c;
Bound Steak, 10©12%cj Stew Beef. bflOc;
Corned Beef. S@10o.
VEAL — Roajst. 10915c; Cutlets. lB@18c
MUTTON— Roast, 10@12%c; Chops, 10©
imo: Stew. Sc.
LAMB— Spring, 12KQ20c; Roast. 12%@15c;
Chop*. 12% ©18c
PORK— Boast. 12%©15c: Chops. 15o.
Retail Meat Prices.
Wheat' No. 2— - ...
Articles— Open. High. Low. CI030.
February .... .... "5%
May.. f 77% 78% 77% llHVi
July 78% 78% 77% 7S%
Corn No. 2 —
May 61% 62% 61% 61%
July 61% 62 01% 61%
September .. 60% 60% , 00% 60%
Oats No. 2— . /
May 42% 43% 42% 43
July 36% 37% 36% S6%
September .. 3114 31% 31% 31%
Mess Pork, jeer barrel —
May 15 00 10 00 15 90 15 95
July 1U 00 10 05 16 00' 16 or%
. Lard, per 100 pounds — " ¦ : r
May 0 52% 9 55 9 52% 0 52%
July .... 9 60 9 65 a (JO 9 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— • . • .
May.... 8 6214 8 60 8 52% 8 57%
July ....t... 86714870 8 65 «* 67V4
Th* Produce Exchange win remain closed
lo-aar. Uncoln'e birthday. Tne Chicago BoarJ
of Trade' has taken similar action, eo there
*rtU b* hardly anything doing- In. grain In the
whole country to-day.
Lincoln's Birthday.
Philadelphia 3I-IO Sfluth * ?>O -
New York 30-ie Chicago 24 fl
Kansas City "6-H St. Louis S i«
JacksonvllU 52-30 Salt lSk» "cit'y '. '. '.M&
¦ CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c@$l 25
for standards. $1 50®2 for choice and $2@2 90
for fancy; Seedlings, 75c@?l 60; Tangerines,
$1 7S@2; Japanese Mandarins. ? 2 25@2 50; Med
iterranean - Sweets, $1@1 5O; Malta Blood
Oranges, $1 50 per half box; Lemons, 50c@?l
for common and $1@1 50 for good to choice, and
$1 75@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $1@2; Mexi
can Limes, $4@5; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1 25@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, (3©4 per dozen.
Although the wet weather made business In
the fruit market rather dull, there was a fair
Inquiry for all kinds of fruit. Large sizes of.
Fancy Navels were scarce and the top quota
tion is higher. 'Choice offerings of Navels and
Seedlings move well at former- prices and owing
to the continued light receipts the market is in
fair shape all "around. There was. no notice
able Improvement in Lemons or Limes and the
market remains unchanged. There is nothing
new to report in Apples or Pears.
Six cars of Navel -Oranges and a few Lemons
will be offered at to-day's auction.
APPLES— SI 50©2 per box for extra. $1@1 50
for good to choice and 50@75c for ordinary.
. PEARS— From cold storage, 75c@?2 60 per
box. • -
Deciduous and Citrns Fruits.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. ?3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Ryo
Meal, ?2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy.
5-l@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, ?4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), ?G 85@
S 35; in sacks, $6 50r58; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas, §5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50@
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75<i#3 per barrel for family and $3{2
3 35 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers. $3@3 35.
Flour and Millstuifs.
RYE^-Quoted at 85<g9Cc- per ctl. There Is
some demand for shipment on the basis of
87 %c. Port Costa, but no business results, as
sellers are generally asking 90c.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at ?1 65 per ctl.
CORN— Chicago was easy, with a rather
better cash demand. The San Francisco mar
ket remained as previously quoted, sales being
few.
Large yellow. $1 37%©1 45; small round
do, $1 50; white. $1 30@l 40 per ctl.
Grays. SI 22%<§1 30; whites, $1 25@1 42%;
Surprise, $1 40@l 45: black. $1 12%@l 22%
for feed and $1 22%@1 32% for seed; red,
SI 27%©1 37% per ctl for feed and ?1 35©
1 42% for seed.
This market - continues dull at quotations
Which have ruled for a week or more. There
te no weakness apparent, holders insisting on
lull figures.
OATS — The ' Chicago market was reported
nervous and the speculative: situation was
causing a slightly uncomfortable feeling- in
the other markets. The cash demand showed
seme improvement. •
Informal Session — S):15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctls, S5%c; 4000, 85% c. • ... .
Second Session— May — 2000 ctls, 85?ic; CCOO,
85^0. December— 2000, 79c. '
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctlb,
8O0; 2000, 86 %c. December— 20, 0C0, SOc.
Afternoon . Session — December — 2000 ! ctls,
70%c. - , --.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Feed. 92%c for choice bright. 90@01%c for
No. 1 and 87%@S8%c for off grades; brewing
and shipping grades, 95@97%c; Chevalier, 95cifc.i
91 20 per cental.
BARLEY — Although the market in this city
is dull, it is understood that there is a steady
demand in th* interior for Europe, Australia
and the East, which keens values firm. Fu
tures are keDt unsettled by the current light
rains. .
-No sales.
Afternoon Session —
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 1000
ctls, $1 08%; 10.000, $1 08%; 6000, $1 08%.
Second . Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 08%.
Recular Morning Session — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES,
This market was some fractions weaker- on
call cwlng to the rain, but the spot market
was unchanged. The shipper* are in the-mar
ket . for liberal Quantities, bujL their bids are
not colling out much wheat, as the interior
holder? are disinclined to sell.'
Thero will be no session of the Produce Ex
change to-day — Lincoln's birthday.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%; milling, $1 10
@$1 12% per ctl.
Chlcego -opened- firmer and advanced %'c
under light and diminished .receipts, and all
markets seemed to be working ¦ stronger. There
was some Eastern buying on the large decrease
stated by Bra/istreet's above. ' The Missouri
State report gave the condition of the crop at
80, but also gave an increase In acreage of 34
per cent ov;r • last . year, and i said that " the
snow coverln? was furnishing much needed
moisture, favoring prospects for ths largest
crop ever raided. -',....-. • • ,
• WHEAT — The foreign markets were quiet
*>.nd not materially changed. The status ¦ o£
the supply, as given by-Hradstreet's, is as fol
lows: East of the Rookies, a decrease of
1,623.000 -bushels; Europe and afloat, a de
crease of 1,800,000; total decrease, 3,423,000
bushels. . . " . ' :
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Averace carriers" are
being taken at 27s Ud, usual European option's,
with increased business j on the spot. The
chartered wheat fleet. in port has a .registered
tonnage of -11,000, against 40,.$f.O tons on the
same date last year; disengaged. 33.830 tons,
against 2600; on the- way to this port, 191,750.
against 127,7tO.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 S5%
Sterling Exchance. sight — 4 88
Sterling Cablas ¦....;... — ¦ 4 89
New York Exi:hanse,- sight: .... — ' 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic , — 15
Sliver, per ounce ¦....'.... — ; 65
Mexican Dollars, nominal..:... 45 @ 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
Oats practically, made up all the recent loss
on purely local conditions. Trade was light.
May closed firm, %@%c up, at 43c. ,
In spite of big hog receipts provisions were
strong. Opening prices were lower, but a good
commission-house demand for pork brought a
sharp reaction. May pork closed 2%c higher,
lard a shade up and ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows :
CHICAGO, Feb. 11. — The trade in wheat was
still much in the same rut as for the past week.
Information was divided rather evenly between
the opposing forces and It was largely the even
ing up over to-morrow that brought out the
scanty strength that held to the cereal. North
western receipts were light, but advices had it
that there was plenty of . wheat there that
would soon > come out. Reports from Oklahoma
and Kansas were unfavorable for the winter
crop and were regarded merely as the forerun
ners of a long series of complaints about crop
disasters which will accompany the opening of
spring. Some strength developed early, in corn
and oats, and when Bradstreet's reported a de
crease in the world's available supply of 3,423,
000 bushels compared with a large increase a
year ago wheat was helped upward. Trade on
the whole was email, but that also probably
was due to to-morrow's holiday. Liverpool
cables were steady to start with, but eased off.
May opened a shade to ' %c up at 77%@77%c,
sold up to 78c and eased back to the opening
prices. May closed firm at its top figure, %@
%c higher, at 78%c.
Corn was lower at the opening on lower ca
bles and some forced selling. Covering and the
better tone in wheat . and ¦ oats later caused a
rally. The close was firm, May%c up at 61%
®ei%c. . • ¦- - ¦
Butter Urm, Cheese steady and Eggs in much, heavier receipt.
Provisions neglected. Hams selling down to cost and even below.
Dried Fruits quiet and firm in all positions.
Hops firm and in fair^demand.
Wool well cleaned up and firm. Hides rule easy.
Not much change in the Meat market. i •" :
Potatoes and Onions coming in frost-bitten. , *
Poultry in moderate receipt and firm.
Six cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-day.
Lard Oil declined. j
Zocal bonds selling well, but stocks dull.
Produce Exchange to remain closed to-day.
Silver and Exchange about* as before. ¦v!
Wheat being held back in the country. Freights easy.
Barley in very good demand for shipment.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet and unchanged.
Hay still unsettled, owing to the rains.
Feedstufts easy at unchanged prices.
Beans and Seeds still very dull. ' -
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Receipts of Butter were more liberal, and
while the market was momentarily firm the
firmness Is not expected to last in view of the
warm, moist weather, which is very favorable
to a large increase in the production. ' There
are some sales of fancy creamery at 29c, but
they form a small proportion of the aggregate.
The receipts of Eggs, as will be seen below,
were heavy, and nothing but the light spot
stocks prevented a break In prices. There were
more ' on the market, however, - and if the ar
rivals continue large- for a day or so a decline
will" probably result. Some dealers are report
ing sales of extra fine ranch at 22c,'~but this
figure Is rather extreme for a positive quota
tion.
Cheese continues steady and without notice
able change. . . ' - . '
Receipts were 38,600 pounds. 13 tubs and
kegs of Butter, pounds of Eastern Butter^
1327 cased of. Eggs, cases of Eastern Eggs.
6950 pounds of California Cheese, pounds
of Oregon Cheese and — — pounds of Eastern
Cheese. •
- BUTTER— Creamery, 28®28%c per lb for
fancy. 27@27%c for firsts and 23@26c for sec
onds; . dairy, 17%@25c; store Butter, 14@17c
PS CHEESE— New, ll%c; old, 10@llc; Young
America, 12@13c; Eastern, 13@15c per lb.
• EGGS— Ranch, 21c for selected large and 19@
20c for good to choice; store. 19c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money Louis & Nash 108 M
94 13-1« Mo Kan & Tex!. 25
do for acct..91 15-16 do prefd ... 54
Anaconda 6% N Y Central ....109
Atchison 80% Norf & Western.. 59
do prefd 101 - Ont & Western.. 33%
Bait & Ohio 108 Southern Ry 34 ja
Can Pacific 118% do prefd 97%
Ches & Ohio 47% Southern Pac... 68^
Chi Gt Western.. 23% Union Pacific ...107
C M.& St Paul... 172% do prefd 92%
Den & R Grande. 45% U S Steel 45C
do prefd 95% do prefd 9«vl
Erie 41% Wabash 24
do 1st prefd.... 72 do prefd 44%
do 2d prefd 08 Spanish 4s 77U
Illinois Cent ....146% "-!?,
Bar silver, quiet, 25%d per ounce. Money
2% ©2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills Is 2% per cent.
Pennsylvania 87,000 151% 150% 151%
Reading 58.600 59 68 58^4
Readlg 1st pfd 6.600 83% 83% 83 V t
Reading 2d pfd.... Ill, 600 68 65% 67%
St L & S F 4,600 ' 62% 61% 62
St L & S F 1st pfd 100 84% 84% 84
S L & S F 2d pfd. 1,000 74% 74 73%
St L Southwest 100 26 26 25H
St L. Southwest pfd .800 09% 59 B8ft
St Paul 19,200 168 - 167 160%
St Paul pfd....... 101
Southern Paclflo .. 67,600 67% 66% 67
Southern Ry 35,100 33% 33% 83%
Southern Ry pfd.. 8.200 • 95% 95 95%
Texas & Pacific. 7,400 40% 39% 40
Tol St L & W 800 221& 23 22%
Tol Bt L & W pfd. 6,000 43% 42% 43
Union Pacific 37,600 104% 103% 103%
Union Paclflo pfd.. 1,000 90 89% 89U
Wabash 6,200 '23% 23V*. 23%
Wabash pfd...:... 14.500 44% 43% 43%
Wheel & Lake E. 3N00 18% 18% 18%
W & L E 2d pfd.. 100 80% 30% 80%
Wisconsin Central. 1OO 20% 20% - 20
Wis Central pfd 100 40% 40% 40%
Express Companies —
Adams 210
American 400 244% 240 238.
United States 800 119% 115 119
Wells Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Atnalg- Copp»r 45,300 72% 71% 71%
Am Car & Fndry.. 700 29% 29% 29%
Am C & Fdry pfd. 1,300 88% 88% 88%
Am Linseed Oil... .' .... 20%
Am Linseed Oil pfd ....' 47
Am Smelt & Ref. 1.800 47% 47% 48
Am Smelt & R pfd 100 97% 97% 97%
Am Locomotive.... 900 32 31% 31%
Am Locomot pfd... 100 92% 92% 92
Anaconda M!n Co. 300 33Vi 33 83
Brooklyn Rao Trn. 27.100 67% 64% 04%
Colo Fuel & Iron. 2,400 87% 8b% 86%
Consolidated Gas.. 12,900 222 218% . 221
Cont Tobacco pfd 116%
General Electric... . 400 203 290 289%
Glucose Sugar..... 1.400 48% 47 47
Hocking Coal...... 2,300 18% 17% 18%,
Internatnl Paper 19V
In ternl Paper pfd.. 100 74% 74% 74%
Internatnl Power 88
, Laclede Gas * ....¦ 90
National Biscuit ... 2,000 46% 45% 46%
National Lead- 17%
National Salt.. 30
National Salt nfd. . 64
North American... 300 93% 93 93
Pacific Coast 74
Pacific Mall 200 45% 45% '45%
Peopled Gas 6,700 102 101 101%
Pressed Steel Car.. 400 40 39% 39%
Pressed S Car pfd.. 100 84 S4 83
Pullman Pal Car.. 400 221% 221% 221
Republic Steel 1,600 1B% 16% 10%
1 Republic Steel pfd. 1.400 69% 60 60%
Sugar I5 i8 oo 128% 127% 127%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 25,700 67 64% 66%
Union Bae & P Co.V 100 14% 14% 13
Union B&P Co Dfd. 400 75 75 75
¥* I Leather 500 11% 11% 11%
h o Leather pfd... 600 81% 81% 81%
II S Rubber HYt
U 8 Rubber pfd... 100 Cl% 51% 51%
JJ S Steel 45,700 44% 44 44H
US Steel pfd 35,300 94% 94 04%
\Vestern Union 1,400 01% 91% 00%
Total sales .859, COO shares.
NKW TORK BONDS. "
U S ref 2s ng. . . .108% Louis & N uni 4s. 107%
U S ref 2s coup.. 108% Mexican Cen 4s.. 82
U S 3s res 108% Do 1st inc .... 31%
U S 3s coup 108% Minn & St L 4s.. 104%
U S new 4s reg.l3U% M K & Tex 4s... 90
U S new 4s coup.lHOJfc Do 2ds 87%
U S old" 4s resr ..112 N Y Central lsts.lO.i%
U S old 4s coup . .112 Do gen 3%s . . .108
U S 5 S ret 106 N J Cen sen 6s. .137%
U S 5 S coud ....108 North Pacific 4s.. 105%
Atchlaon gen 4s.. 104% Do 3s, 74%
Do adjst 4s . 9.3% Nor & XF con 4s.. 10.}%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 104 Reading gen 4s... 90
D ° 3% 8 9«% St L & I M en 5s.ll7%
Do conv 4s ....106% Kt L & S F 4s 97%
Canada South 2ds.llO% St L S W lsts.... 98%
Central of Ga 5s.lll Do 2ds 7U%
Do 1st inc 79% San A & A P 4s. 91%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO9 Southern Pac 4s. 94%
Chi & Alton .3% s. 84 'Southern Ry 5s. ..120
C B & Q new 4s. 96%|Texas Pac lsts.. 120%
C M & St P gn 43.114*4. Tol St L & W 4s. SG%
. C & N W con 7S.13S Union Pacific 4s.. 105%
C R'l & Pac 4s. 111% Do conv 4s.. ..107
CCC&St L 8 n4s.l03% 1 Wabash lsts .-...118%
Chi Terminal 4s. 86%: Do 2ds ........111%
Colo & South Is.. 93 .Do deb B 71%
Denver & R G Is. 102% West Shore 4s... 112%
Erie prior Hen is. 98% W & L Erie 4s.. 93%
Do gen 4s 8S% Wiscon Cen 4s... 88%
Ft W & D C lsts. 110% Cons Tob 4s 63
Hocking Val 4%s.lO9J$
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief .... 12
Alice 45 Ontario 6 50
Breece 60 Ophlr 80
Brunswick Con • 07 Phoenix 04
Comstock Tun... 05% Potosl 10
Con Cal & Va. ..1 25 Savage... OS
Deadwood Terra. 50 Sierra Neva«a ..' 12
Horn Sliver ....1 25 Small Hopes ... 35
Iron Silver G4 Standard 3 30
Leadville Con .. 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— U S Steel 44 >,f
Call loans 3@4 do prefd 94%
Time loans ...3%@4% Westingh Commn. 88 y.
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4s 102 Adventure 21
Gas lsts s5% Amalgamated ... 71%
Mex Cent 4s 82% Baltic ;>,»
N E G & Coke... 60% Blngham 23%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.tiiJO
Atchison 78 Centennial 12
do prefd «S% Copper Range CSV.
Boston & Albany. 2«52 Dominion Coal... 72%"-'
Boston & Maine.. 192% Franklin 14%
Boston Elevated.. 161% Isle Royale 22li
N Y N H & H. . .210 Mohawk 34
Fitchburg prefd.. 145 Old Dominion ... 22V
Union Pacific ... 103% Osceola ...... 81
Mex Central .... 28% Parrot 81
Miscellaneous— Quincy 140
Am Sugar .......127% Santa Fe Copper. 3»i
do prefd 118% Tamarack ... 2C5
Am Tel & Tel 158 Trlmountaln . 7;;u
Dom Iron & Steel. 32% Trinity ', 131!
Gen Electric 289 United States ... 17%
Mass Electric ... 36% Utah 24
do prefd 95 Victoria "' 51;
N E G & Coke... i'"" "Winona iu
United Fruit .... 8S Wolverine !" 50
Allouez 3%
Receipts of wheat during the past three days
were 112,000 centals, including 92,000 American.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-32d
LONDON. Feb. H.-^-Consols, 94 5-16. Silver.
25%d. French ¦ rentes," lOlf 25c. Cargoes on
passage, quiet and", steady; : cargoes No. 1
Standard California 30s; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s 3d; English country markets," quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 11.— WHEAT— Quiet; No.
1 Standard California, 6s 3d@6s 3%d; weather
In England, fine and cold.
Foreign Markets.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows :
Pine, ordinary sizes, $1S@19 50; extra sizes,
higher; Redwood. $10@20: Lath 4 feet. $3 900
4; Pickets, $19; Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and $1 73
for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for
sawn; Rustic. $25@31.
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.05c:
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated, 4.00c; Dry
Granulated, 4.S0c; Confectioners' A, 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bigs only), 4.70c; Magnolia A, 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D. 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes. 60c more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or lta equivalent. Dominos.
half -barrels, 5.30c; boxes. 5.53c per lb.
SALT — Liverpool. $30©32 50 for the best and
$2ti<S 27 50 for factory filled. Domestic — Imita
tion Liverpool. $24 25@28; H. R. H.. $23 25W
2tt; California Dairy. SO-lb bass. $21@25 50;
Rock Salt $17@18 85, .according t» quantity;
Granulated, $24 50@2G per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $47@4S per flask for local
use and $44@45 50 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7®
7%c per lb; White Lead, «%@7%c, according
to quantity.
COAL OIL. — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil In cases. 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21V 2 c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases,
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon »n cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.*
King." 6%c: Blocks, "Orientals," S%c; Blocks.
•Seabright." 3%c; Tablets. 6%c: Middles. 6Vi
®»%c; 5-lb boxes, Fancy Boneless, 3c; 2-Ib
boxea. Fancy Boneless. 7®Sc; Desiccated, per
dozen. 75c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each, $T;
Picked Cod, half barrels, each. $1.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14@15c for strictly
prims to fancy washed (new crop): ll%@t2Vic
nominal for prime washed; 10%® He nom
inal for good washed; — ©13c for good
washed (new crop); 10%@12%c nominal for
good to prime washed peaberry; 9%@10%c
ncm.nal for fair to prime peaberry; 10<8>llc
nominal for good to prime; 8%®t>%c nominal
for fair; (5@7%e for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 12%@13e nominal for strictly
prime washed; 10%@12c nominal for good to
prime washed; 9®luc nominal for fair washed:
10%(ffll%c nominal for good to prime washed
peaberry; 9%@WMc nominal for good to prime
serai-washed; 9@9%c nominal for superior un
washed; — 8%e for good green unwashed; 0®
»%C for good to superior unwashed peaberry; 6
CImc for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12@15c nominal for prime to
fancy washed: 9%@llc nominal for ta.tr to
strictly good washed: S%@9c nominal for good
to superior unwashed; 9i39Uc nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 12%@15%c • for
prime to fancy washed (new crop); im©l2c
for strictly good washed (new crop); ll@ll«,ic
for uood washed (new crop); 9%©10c for fair
washed; 8@9c for medium; 6@7V.c for inferior
to ordinary; 10%@12c for good to prime washed
peaberry, 0%@10c nominal for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; 8%@9%c nominal for good
to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Sole. heavy. 20«&32c; extra
hea-vy, 30@40c per Ib: medium. 27©29c: light.
24@i:0c; Rough Leather, 26@28c; Harness
Leather, heavy, 85@39c for No. 1 and 30@33c
for No. 2: medium. 30@37c; light, 29@35c;
Skirting. No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2. 36<£S8c; Col
lar Leather. 15@lCc per foot: Trace Leather,
4(xg>44c: Kip, unfinished. 40@5Cc per lb; Veal.
finished. 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits.
14<B>16c; Rough Splits, 8®10c per lb.
TANB ARK— Ground, ?2C@23 per ton; Stick,
$1B(S18 per cord.
OIL— Lard Oil Is lower; California Castor
Oil. la cases. No. 1. 70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed
Oil, in barrels, boiled. 76o; raw, 74c; cases.
5c more; Lucol. 60c for boiled and 64c for
raw. In barrels; Lard j Oil. extra winter
strained, barrels, 83c, cases, 90c; China. Nut,
67%g€8c per gallon;, pure Neatsfoot. in bar
rels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 40@50a per gallon; Fish
Oil. barrels. 37%c; cases, 42Vic: Cocoanut Oil.
barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 38%c for Aus
tralian.
Turkeys. 13!jj)14c for 'Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75; Goslings.
$2#2 25; Ducks, $5@5 60 for old and $6@7 Tor
young; Hens. $4 50@5; young Roosters, ?5<tf
5 50; Old Roosters. $4@5; ' Fryers, $4 50@3;
Broilers, $4@5 for large and $3@3 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for old and $2 60@2 70
for Squabs. - ' - • -
GAME — Hare. $1; Rabbits. $1 5O for Cot
tontails and SI lor Brush; Gray Geese.
$3 50@4; White Geese, $1©1 25; Brant, $1 50<fp
2 50 per do2en; Honkers, $3@4 50; English
Snipe; $3@3 B0; Jack Snipe. $1 C0@2; Robins,
$1 50 per dozen.
Evaporated apples are strongly l held and of
ferings are moderate. All grades, have experi
enced a good . export movement.' Prime are
held %c aBove previous quotations. State
common to good, . 7@8%c; prime, 9@0%c;
choice, 9%@10c; fancy, 10%@llc.\
More Interest is shown in the general list of
California dried fruits: and full prices are ob
tained. A fair inquiry from jobbing quarters
is noted lor prunes. ¦ ¦ -
PRUNES— 3%@6%c. ¦¦---¦
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 9ft
@12%c. . ''
PEACHES— Peeled. 14@18c; unpeeled, 7%@
9%c. : ;
DRIED FRUITS
closed quiet and net unchanged. "" Total - sales,
.6750 . bags, including: " March. '5.40c; • May,
5.60c; June, 5.65c; July, •' 6.70<3>5.7oc. • •¦- : <
SUGAR— Raw, quiet. Fair refining, 3 S-16c;
centrifugal, 90 test, 3 11- 16c;' molasses sugar,
2 15-16C. - : '•¦"•* •¦'¦¦ : _ '¦'¦': ¦ •
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000; strong; ;; lambs,
strong : and higher; good to choice wethers,
$4 75@5'25; fair to choice mixed. , $3 80@4 60;
Western sheep and- yearlings, '$4 25© 5 85;
native lambs. . $3 75@6 60; Western lambs,
$5 25@6 65. :
good to choice : heavy, $6 80(3 3 47% ; rough
heavy, $6@6 25: ¦ light. > $5 70@5 90i bulk or
sales, $5 80@C 30. ¦ -¦ . : - ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Chicago Grain, Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE COAST RECORD
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Receipts of \local Poultry were: light and
young stock ; continued nrm, : but : old stock was
slightly weaker -owing to .the heavy arrivals
of Eastern on ; the previous " day. Receipts of
Dressed Turkeys are very small at present and
the quotations are ' largely nominal. ¦ >
\ There were no changes In Game. ¦ Receipts
•were 42 sacks. ... '¦ - ¦¦ ¦ ,
• POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 10@18c; Live
11
ETATIONS.
a
3
i
3
: c : g °-o
: 3 : 3 : a
on
n <*
5o
V
5
is
»"
Astoria 29.62 58 40 E Cloudy 24
Baker 29.82 42 32 NW Snow
Carson 2».86 OS 32 S Rain .18
Eureka 29.90 60 .. S Rain .00
f>esno 30.08 66 44 E Cloudy .CO
Flagstaff 30.04 48 22 W Pt Cldy 00
Pocatello. Ida.29.S2 54 .40 SE' Cloudy .00
Independence 29. S2 70 34 SE Pt Cldy 00
Los Angeles.. 30.12 €2 42 SW Pt Cldy .00
Phoenix 30.00 SO 40 W Clear .00
Portland 29. TO 50 38 SE Rain .57
Red Bluff 29.84 54 50 SE Rain 1.04
Roseburg ....29.74 52 40 S Rain 24
Sacramento ..30.00 66 52 SE Cloudy 13
Salt Lake 29.82 62 42 SE Cloudy .00
San Francisco.30.04 56 50i SW Cloudy 2-'
S. L. Obispo. .30.16 62 38 S Cloudy *T
Sen Dieeo 30.12 5S 46 NW Clear .00
Ewittle 29.70 756 38 SE Pt Cldy .19
Spokane 29.90 36 32 NE Cloudy .21
Neah Bay 38
Walla Walla. .29.86 38 32 SW Rain ".32
Winnemucca .29. SO 62 34 SW Rain T
Yuma 29.96 SO 4S S Clear .00
ETATIONS.
a
3
i
3
: c : g °-o
: 3 : 3 : a
on
n <*
5o
V
5
is
»"
Astoria 29.62 58 40 E Cloudy 24
Baker 29.82 42 32 NW Snow
Carson 2».86 OS 32 S Rain .18
Eureka 29.90 60 .. S Rain .00
f>esno 30.08 66 44 E Cloudy .CO
Flagstaff 30.04 48 22 W Pt Cldy 00
Pocatello. Ida.29.S2 54 .40 SE' Cloudy .00
Independence 29. S2 70 34 SE Pt Cldy 00
Los Angeles.. 30.12 €2 42 SW Pt Cldy .00
Phoenix 30.00 SO 40 W Clear .00
Portland 29. TO 50 38 SE Rain .57
Red Bluff 29.84 54 50 SE Rain 1.04
Roseburg ....29.74 52 40 S Rain 24
Sacramento ..30.00 66 52 SE Cloudy 13
Salt Lake 29.82 62 42 SE Cloudy .00
San Francisco.30.04 56 50i SW Cloudy 2-'
S. L. Obispo. .30.16 62 38 S Cloudy *T
Sen Dieeo 30.12 5S 46 NW Clear .00
Ewittle 29.70 756 38 SE Pt Cldy .19
Spokane 29.90 36 32 NE Cloudy .21
Neah Bay 38
Walla Walla. .29.86 38 32 SW Rain ".32
Winnemucca .29. SO 62 34 SW Rain T
Yuma 29.96 SO 4S S Clear .00THE SA1ST FRANCISCO, CALt^ WEDNESDAY/ FEBRUARY 12, 1902.
12
MPMCAL I\<TRBMP!ST»-rnn.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock.
both new and second-hand, is the largest w-st
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $8 per month; some good
pianos for $3 J4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
* Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos. ;
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPEILMAXN Pianos. '
CECILIAN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY, 30S-310-312 Post st
AT1ENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright planes from $53 to*.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs frcm $25 up: new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng. Mason
& Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
A FINE assortment of good second-hand up-
- rights are on hand for you to select from.
The prices are low. the quality excellent W«
have many new Deckers. Wissners, Baumels-
ters and others. Payments accepted If you
desire- to buy that way. THE ZENO MAU-
t VAIS MUSIC CO.. 760 Market st.
A FINE larce upright. $150; a- beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case.
In us« only a few months. $275: new piano*
to rent, $3 BO; squares, |1 60 and $2; Beck-
stein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS A
SON. 23 Bth St.. agts for Ivers & Pond pianos.
A FIRM'S failure to realize immediate cash
have stored with us for advances lot of strict,
ly high-grade new pianos: now for sale at any
reasonable, offer to raise money; they muse
go; easy payments; other storage uprights $40
ap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st
ALL makes of pianos will be sold at our great
removal sale till March 1st: lowest prices
and terms ever made in San Francisco.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st
WE have a large shipping order for old xiuar*
. and upright pianos; will buy or exchaase.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st. . .
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best in tha city. - PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 931 Market st
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
f ered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bl*.
AT KEEFFE'8. 22 Turk st, near Market—
Shonlnger, Schubert and Steinway bargain*.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice full-slzM
modern upright piano. 433 Golden Gate ave.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $75 up;
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House. 1729 Mlssn.
STILL renting ,n«w pianos. $3 per montn.
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st
|175— A RARE chance: fine upright. SCHMTTZ.
18 McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins: zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer, 2 Lathan place.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
STORE for rent In Napa — The large stars
fronting on both Main and Brown streets:
the best located store In Napa; now occupied
by Thompson, Beard & Sons; will be for
rent on 15th March. Address ' W. W.
THOMPSON, Napa. Cal.
EMMA SPRECKELS bldg. 927 Market St.; of-
fices with light, heat and Janitor. $15 to $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
LOFT, light and airy, 25x100, with water and
gas; suitable for light manufacturing: rent
$18. WM. LOANE. plumber, 439 Fifth st. ,
SUNNY offices Just below Kearny st: $10;
also large store. Keys 636 Clay st. room 1.
- OIt * ' . ¦
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
fl7.es: cheap. H. S. WHTTTC. 516 ]VT»ss»!nn st.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; whitening & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. : tel. Red 3521.
Papering room. $3 up: painting, whitening rea-
Eonble. Painter. . r >02 Stanyan: tel. Park 15.
PALMISTRY.
OnROL^G^CAlTc^IIe^erBranch 2^Oiaracter
reading and palmistry taught. MRS. WM.
HcMANUS. 731 Guerrero; phone Church 3085.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to -4. 700
Post st. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientiKc palmist. 515
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 5H1.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
ABSOLUTELY "FREE CONSULTATION— All
1 disease* of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare - all medicines - myself. DIt.
FORDEN. No. 6 Turk st.. corner Mason.
A— DIS. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market st. ; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
102m. Market st. bet Sixth and Seventh.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15: with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly: L. LEMOS. HIT Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 70O rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; March pat-
terns .and The Designer now ready* J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market, nr.6th.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley. 1702 Market.
A— WHAT da you think O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
A school to learn hairdressing, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
FIRST-CLASS champoo for BOc; hair dried
with warm air in 10 minutes: hair dressing
25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 238 Sixth st, room
11; call after 7 p. m.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUXFITTINO
"CO.. 1310-1312 ¦ Stockton st, near Broadway.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 CFarrelUsend for circular.
WANTED— ANNIE McDONALD of Bothwell.
. Ont.. Can.; news from home. Box 3689. Call.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna, st.
Superfluous hair & moles destroyed with electric
needle; trial free. Mme. Boling. 407B Hyde.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vida Company. 763
Valencia st. corner Nineteenth^ _
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c: ladies free.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURB
10c and 2Sc. All druggists.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 963 Sutter; tel.Larkln3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
PROPERTY-OWNERS A CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent chim-
ney I am prepared to erect it 60c a foot up:
expert In curins smoking; or faulty flues;
chimney tops «H descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work: fouadatior.9
«nd sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings- having my own screws and timbers
I can do 'this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations: estimates fre«.
J. SMITH. 20.13 Mission, or box 260. 318 B-J3h.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM. .
RUPTURE~CURE— TREATMENT FREE.
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium. 1203
Market st. rooms 5 and 6; new system.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
palring; lowest rates. TeL Green 144. 205 4lh.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
pairtng: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
plE^C^R?)D^Pir^tOTa^e^nTlii^vlnT^a.
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 571a.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mi.»-
sldn St.: tel. > Howard -941. F.W. ZEHFUS3.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. tiOO' Market st_;
tel. Matn-1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and, Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore at.; jihone Jacluoa »L.
jJESIPLO YMENT WANTED— MALE. -
IRISH dishwasher, ago 43, single, who has
m held jobs of trust- in Ireland over 20 * years
ago.wants a job in a big restaurant. In -.this
'city: the'w&?es asked for are $7 a week and
;..? board. Apply to MICHAEL BUTLER, "202
;;. Sixth st; , -n ;...*,. .- ,;,:,; -:.'¦¦,¦¦ ;¦:-," ..-¦-:¦:.' -
A YOUNG Frenchman who can speak Spanish
. and English wishes situation In private fam-
'.ily to wait at table.- Address . S. J.. 519
Jackson st. .;-.;-.'", ,.:,.:'.•'. •
YOUNG mechanic -with brains Is open for: po-
sition to ¦ take-. ¦ charge in machine shop or
commercially on road. . Box 3947. Call office.
BARKEEPER,', good experience" and reference,
, .wishes steady position- city or country; not
' 1, afraid of . work. . | Box ; 3700. , Call ¦ office.
YOUNG man, 20 veafs wishes position in j sro-
' -eery.: or. family liquor store; '2 years' experi-
_ence2_first-clas' s references. Box 3G38, Call.
STEADY man wants~work; chores about house;
handy with tools; generally useful, etc. ; ref-
erences; small wages. R. G.. box 3207, -Capl.
POSITION as • porter* wrapper or assistant
packer by March 1. - Address N. LINTON,
435% Minna Et. ..-*,. . •.:,.'. ¦.¦
BUTTER-MAKER from East wants .position
in creamery; 5 years' experience in operating
creameries..- Box 3687, Call office. ¦'¦/'
STOUT; young man wants work of any kind;
¦ good references. Address W. M.. box 3903,
Call office. -¦ : -, :
TWO llght-colorea young natives'of Jamaica,
I speaking' good • English; -well recommended;
used . to : porter and house work; family, ho-
tel or club. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
FIRST-CLASS flange turner amFgeneral boll-
¦ ermaker . wishes situation out of San Fran-
cisco; srood reference and Is now working.
Apply Steady Work, 600 Kearny st. : '
A YOUNG man of previous experience who de- j
sire« I to finish trade would like work as -
helper In retail candy factory.. Address L. '
S., 205 Third st, room 30.
WAITER, experienced in first-class ' Eastern
hotels, references as head and second man,
wants position in hotel or club, city or coun- !
try. Box 3674, Call office.
A YOUNG man lately from Sweden wants
situation; is used to horses ; will do any
kind of respectable work.- Address box 3678.
Call office. . : ..,-.,. ,,.;.,
YOUNG man desires a position as bookkeeper; 1
has. a knowledge . of stenography. Address
box 3216, Call. .
SITUATION by a man who . wants more in-
¦truction in -cooking; no wages expected.
Address' JOHNSON." 112 Fourth st. •
EXPERIENCED Invalids' nurse wants posi-
tion; reasonable; good reference. 810 Tele-
graph ave., Oakland. ' ¦ . :
A YOUNG man Just. from Switzerland wants
work of any -kind, city or country; , is
handy with horses. A. T., C21 California st.
YOUNG man full of good hard work ! desires
position in wholesale house. Box 3670, Call.
PRINTER— Experienced job and news man
wants position; city or country. Address
box 32C0. Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy. wants a position at
housework or to assist in cooking. Box 3002,
Call office. /
JAPANESE wants to wait at table and do
housework. 1026 Larkin st; tel. Larkin 1331.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. - . ,
5____^_^^^INANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock* taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND. INVESTMENT CO. U. S. licensed
¦-. stock brokers. 826 Post st' ¦ :
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. .Inc.) — We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; 'companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address ma!n office 507-S-fl. Parrott bMg.
FLATS TO LET. _— "
A — ELEGANT, hew, sun every ' room, hand-
some tiling, nickel plated open plumbing. 2
gas grates, facing Golden Gate Park, marine
view, social, dance room, 5 and 6 rooms;
take Geary, McAllister or Sutro cars: 753
to 765 Sixth ave.: near Fulton st A. M.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
A— 509 to 520 Frederick st. near Stanyan—
Swell new flats; 5' to S rooms; low rent
A NICE 3-room sunny flat, with water, in the
rear of 1300 Powell st. ; rent $!).
NICELY furnished sunns' S-room flat for sale.
324 Ellis st. '
$22 50— 122CV6 SACRAMENTO st; 7 rooms and
bath; fine view. ,- -
$27 50— MODERN, sunny flat, 5' rooms, bath;
yard' and- basement. '-1223Va Guerrero st.
FLATS TO : LET— FUItNISHED.
$25—1517 GOLDEN GATE ave.;' middle fiatT^
rooms; -piano, pantry, garden, . etc. $1* —
Lower flat. 2 rms., pantry; water free; 1 to 4.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
A' NICE sunny 4-room flat to let; furniture for
sale; large yard. 183014 Mission st.
; FURNITURE , WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 135*.
GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suedTg^oTeT^MTm^'tnTworial
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A — 25 chambermaids, Southern California
(special rates),, $20. C.tR. "HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. . ¦ • .
A — 10 waitresses, " Southern California, $20,
one-half fare paid; waitress,. boarding-house.
State of Nevada, fare' paid, see party here;
waitress, Commercial. Hotel, $25, see party
here; 2 waitresses, same hotel, $20, fare
'paid;' other chambermaids for south, fare
advanced, $20; girls for all kinds of work
for private families. C.'R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. - - .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. . . . . . ..104 Geary st.
4 wain-esses, Coronado Beach, rate fare. ,
C. R. HANSEN & CO.". ¦ ¦ 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Two cooks;" German style $30, $35;
4 second girls, $20, $25; cook, for ranch, $25;
restaurant waitress, $7; second girl,' Oakland.
$25 ; 3 waitresses, country hotels, fare i paid,
$20; housework, for .Fresno, S25, see party
here; head waitress, ¦ $25, country; 40 girls,
for all kinds of housework in .nice private
, families, .good wages.- Apply to J. . F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
A TRAINING school for domestics requires a
cultured, energetic woman, quick to act and
Instruct girls 8 to 14 years of age in ¦ all
branches of housekeeping; laundry work and
dinner serving a special feature; none but a
woman who thoroughly understands , such
' work and who Is patient and accustomed to
children need apply; hours ltoTp. m. dally
'and 3',, evenings . weekly; salary $30 per
month; must llve at' home; 1 references. Ad-
dress Gentlewoman, .box 3668, Call office. '
GIRLS, be independent — Learn hairdressing in
¦2 weeks and secure position besides; course
$5; manicuring, massage and hair work In-
cluded; bring ad, worth $1 25; day and eve.
class. S.F. Hairdressing CoIlege,233Geary,r.l5.
AMATEUR performers wanted; salary unlim-
ited. Apply at 'Chutes at 6 o'clock this even-
ing- ' - -. ( ¦¦¦ - -..¦..¦.;..¦ . , ¦
WANTED — A young girl for plain cooking and
light waiting at table; wages $20. Call, be-
tween '10 and 2 at 1615 Scott st. ' . -
A GOOD Japanese ¦ girl wanted for ' housework
and plain. cooking In a good family. Call at
427 Stevenson st. ; •'•:.-
WANTED — A. . girl for general, housework;
' three In family. • 1148 Turk st. •-.
GOOD pants finisher. 1000 Harrison st.. cor-
ner Sixth. ;• ; • .i'. : ¦¦¦_¦¦ .. - ¦ ¦..¦.¦¦....¦'
GOOD maker, and apprentice .wanted in tnllli-
nery ' store , at 692 McAllister st. .
FIRST-CLASS operators and finishers; -also
apprentices on .vests. 230% Ninth st. .
NEAT colored woman j for'cooking and house-
,work; car fare. 2531 .Pine sty. ¦¦-' -.'¦'. '-' ¦ : ¦ ,
GIRLS from -15 ' to 17 . for factory work ; apply
at once. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento..
OPERATORS on shirtwaists and ladies'. neck-
; wear. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 'Sansome. ,'
WAITRESS '' wanted for boarding-house. Ap-
ply at 2021 Folsom st. : . '''
EXPERIENCED operators on ¦ ladies' • and chil-
.dren's wear. , JOS. j WALSH, -20 Sixth st.
WANTED— A ; girl ";for general housework;
: ;; wages $15. . 2808. Twenty-fourth st. . ,'• , t
YOUNG girl , for general housekeeping. ; 1611'
' Scott .St. ' . . ¦ -. ¦-: '•- .-. ;.,._¦/ : ; ....;¦¦"...
APPRENTICES': to learn tailoringr: paid while
learning. \. BELASCO ¦ & HARRIS CO.,, 541
Market EtiV... ;.'. ;'. : , l . .¦;; ;. ..'.-v ¦ ,
A PLAIN cook.'- Apply between 10 and 12 at
2932 Jackson st. : ;. , : ', •
•WANTED— First-Class . : ' alteration hands I on
; .'skirts, s A." CAILLEAU," 114-116 Kearny: st. ;
GIRL for ; general ,- housework at" 117. Bartlett
- : . street. »- ; ; ! ;:''.- ,. ; - ¦•¦¦¦';.-.. ','•: .¦¦',-' t-'-^- ¦.•-¦• ¦'-, ¦
COMPETENT glrlfor housework in small fam-
.-'¦ lly.; 823 Fillmore et>,. : \ > y . ' v • '
WANTED— A young girl to assist wlth'house-
'¦ work;.sleep ; home. , Apply-,837 EUIa St.- ¦ . '.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole' maker on tailoring'
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.: '541 Market 'st. V
.¦'*':' .\ ¦¦- .¦¦-¦¦'-¦.- , , . , < .1 . ¦ . . v. . • . • ¦ ' .
. •¦ ;•' -., : ' . MEDICAL. . . . : - .- > • '
' LADIES — All who are aick or tn trouble call &
consult the specialist: the unfortunate helped;
relief In all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects"
of a I delicate nature ; all classes of female
complaints treated; relief to the longest casea;
all private . diseases In both sexes treated;
blood diseases cured. 10 to 30 days. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st. opp. Fifth.
A — MRS." SWKET. graduate of Royal Univer-
sity. Berlin. ¦ midwifery cases; takes ladies
before and during confinement; beat car;;
confinement $15; rm., board, $5 wk.; infants
adopted; will. take 2 to work at my. private
resid., 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH-i-Reliable ladles' specialist:
30 years', experience; Instant relief guaran-
. teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIE5
at the old office. 1228 Market st. : 30 yearj*
experience in obstetric and other cases.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. ladies' physician-
prlvate home for confinement; babies adopt-
ed : formerly 1312 G. G. ave. ; now 112 Mason.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician- 23
years' 'successful experience In S F . Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market Bt. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home" home
In confinement. '. 1126 Market St., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market-Reliable ladies*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: begt medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MiyiXG AND ASSAYING.
F< 2 R . 8 /lS~7l >r^ erty of the Llve Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Company situated in Ne-
vada County. 15 miles north of Auburn; 2
patented claims. S-stamp quartz mill, ditch
. and hoisting: works; reasons for selling, non-
experienoe of mining by owners; mine open
t?£j nEpectIon ' particulars from A.
MEISTER. Sacramento. Cal.
MINES AND MINING.
MINER wants grub stake: valuable location:
references. Box 3669. Call office.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.. 13.
F. ; branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
MISCELLANEOUS — -FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
25 H.P. HORIZONTAL boiler and engine; all
complete; perfect order $300
10 H.P. upright boiler and engine; ready to
.run; fine shape S15O
H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st .
PHYSICIAN'S electrical office cabinet for
street current or cells: a new and beautiful
design; owner going East and will sell at
bargain. Address box 36S6, Call office.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleya
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st :
SEALSKIN suitable for 36 or 38 bust; eondi-
tion and quality fine; cost originally $250, for
$1CO cash; a beauty. Box S048, Call office.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
, and pool tables ; easy terms or rented. Th«
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
A — S3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
NEW stove, used 6 weeks; cost $15; will sell
for $3. 743 Howard st.
FOR sale — Choice canary birds, males and fe-
males. 240 Sixth st, room 14.
NEW Home and Domestic sew/ug machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
5000 TO 10,000 feet of 3. 3\' 3 and 4 inch pipe.
IPS Vallejo st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. '
Wall paper 3c, worth 10c; paperhanging, paint-
ing. MerigaiK 1302 Webster; tel.Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Monfgy.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, nil sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 006 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. Io9 Beale st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HEE-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
\.- :::^MISCELLANEOUS .WANTS? _1_"
PORTABLE lC00-foor~wenn^uig~1modern out"
lit, in good condition, ' for cash. Send full
particulars to box 3043, Call office.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old , seal"
skins. AddrC3s at once, will call anywhere
within 25 miles of city, box 3276, Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also genU'
full' dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton Ft. ; phone Bush 484. .
FINELY carved Ivory image 12 or 14 inches
high; must be cheap. Box 3213, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand ciotning and
theatrical goods.. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2331.
MONEY TO LOAN.
84,500,000 at lowest ratej
on nrst and second mortgages
Life Interests! in estates
Property being held in trust .......
.... Undivided Interests in real estate ....
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 003 Examiner big.
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.),
If 300, 000 at 5 Mi & 6 per cent in turns to suit;
City, Oakland. Town. and Country propert>:
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates. Undivided ir>-
' terests. in real estate and legacies ; will .pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN'
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldgr.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. "
Flr»t, second and third mortgages ~~.
Undivided interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN "..
24 Montgomery st, room 3
ANY. proposition, any amount; « per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates .In prc-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, . undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 10,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEK".
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances, on diamonds, jewelry, - a. t
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644.^Branch 19 Thirl,
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.,~ near
Geary st ; phone Red 1603.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
household goods, without removal ;ccnfldential.
ORMSBY.26 Montgomery st.opp. Lick House.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
- age; reliable party. 1170 Market at., room 63.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission;- confldea-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON- real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur^
, nlture , or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest ratea..BECKER. 027 Market, room 613.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
81000; any security.' 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
$10 UP. on furniture, pianos: no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eiiy, rm. 72. 4th ft'r.
Money loaned salarleb people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
Lowest' rates, furniture,' pianos; no removal* no
commla. ;confldentlal. Whltehead.1710 Market.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 us- no n»-
moval.- Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
Ox.' salaries. N. Y. plan ;• indorsed naDer dli-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bid g.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal -
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a ¦ home I will loan you money to
buy it A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without indorser: other proposl-
tlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS rnonev on salary; no lndorser- Eastern
¦ plan. . Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bklg
_ MONEY WANTED. t "
___ v J«USICAIi^INSTUU3IENTS. "
ALL makes; rent la^u^T^rea^lf^D^hTrir:
. Installments $3' up; old Dlan«« k£,, i". M i
exchanged: bargain* T $2S ilSF, „ sS&J^ d
ANY piano sold , by us taken back anv tiir»
Z'p oo I 8^^rn^a^aHeS
".«.: established 1850. P^"
BPSTKESS CHANCES — Continued.' _.-.;
JOSEPH STRAUB, ". ¦ s . V
- S50 Market st. cor. Stockton, 9
.. . . Telephone Grant 177: •
Real Est"te Acent. . " * . .'. '
«e»i i property bought and sold.
Rent* collected. .. ¦ . . •
Loans negotiated.
Legitimate Business
AgCnu
Do you want to sell your business or do you
want a partner for legitimate business call on
above address. ¦' '
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy St.. rooms IS and 19.
Hotels restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, lease*.
Money to loan on any of the above.
OUR "Compounding System." of turf specula-
tion Is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handlcappers. 113 Stockton st.
PARTNER for restaurant doing good business*
For particulars. 1547 Mission st.
$1000 WILL buy best-paying small drug store.
Inq. JOHN CALVERT, Col. Phys. & Surg.
$600— FOR tale; the Palace Restaurant. Val-
lejo. Cal : great cliance. P.O. box 275. Vallejo.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
TO~BUY, SELlToR EXCHANGE
Call on US
...'....Any House Sold on Payments
20 rooms; clears .5125; payments $1000
25 rooms: clears $140; only 1350
16 rooms; Eddy st. ; reduced to '.. »00
5 rooms; flat; bargain 200
100 rooms; corner; clears $500 5500
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms. 300
C8 rooms; corner; clears $400 3500
17 rooms; clears $75; only. ............. 250
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $C0..... 450
10 rooms ; swell ; bargain ' 800
13 rooms; very good; rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.; phone John 531.
»O6 Market st. cor. Ellis, room 12.
120 ROOMS on Sansome gt. ........... S2000
100 rooms on Howard st 1500
84 rooms; Howard st 400
44 rooms; Stockton st. 2100
32 rooms; Grant ave.... ...3000
25 rooms on Fourth St. .'..$1000; good paying
16 rooms on Sixth st $750; all full
14 rooms on Pine st $700; transient
3S rooms on Powell St.... $3200; good location
22 rooms on Powell st. . . .$1500; good location
10 rooms on Geary st $1100; fine house
' 9 rooms on Sixth st....$350; good and cheap
10 rooms on Mason st.$750; any time; all full
50 more houses on list.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st
A— , Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
' ing-houses or on real
estate. Big froe list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
SAMPLES NORTH OF MARKET.
14 r. ; corner; rent $40: elegant $950
60 r.; corner; rent S100; clears $150 2800
40 r. ; 1 floor: 20 windows on 3 streets; .
rent only $75; 5-year lease; respectable. 2S00
20 r. ; 2 floors'; rent $50; fine bay-wind.. 1050
12 r. ; 2 floors; rent $3G; clears $35 mo.. 300
—————————————— __
993 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2811.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $90; Al
location; on Market St.; only $1700.
23 rooms; elegant corner on Geary ;• select
roomers only; modern building; must sell.
18 rooms; transient; clears $100 month: cen-
trally located; two rooms pays rent; good fur-
niture.
12 rooms; rent $47 50; clears $50 month;
good location; must sell.
22 rooms; rent $52 50; easy payments: $800.
H. C. DECKER 1020 Market st
¦ French Spoken.
* Get Our Bargain List Before Buying.
24 rooms; Geary; owner sick; bargain. .$1750
30-room hotel and bar; rent $125; snap. 20C0
38 rooms ; Market st 20CO
14 rooms; owner retiring ..'. 350
17 rooms; Sixth st. ; only 750
21 rooms ; rent $45 850
19 rooms; transient; make offer
20 rooms; Turk st; transient; just listed 1000
WINSTON & WOLF
1026 Market st 102U Market st
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)'
20 rooms; rent $60; this hou3e is a money-
maker; price $1050. part cash.
31 rooms; rent $100; offices; a No. 1 location;
part cash; price $2100. - . \
44 rooms; rent $100; new furniture and car-
pets; 2 floors; part cash; price $1600.
29 rooms; rent $75; offices; Market St.; part
cash; price $1400.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
S50 Market Et (Inc.) Phone Davis 2.S1.
Reliable dealers in roomfng-hous?3. hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rate3.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21; 22, 23. Phone Bush 32R.
If you have hotels, roomlng-hcuses Or business
to 6ell, list with us; buyers call: we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
fiats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
A — FOR sale, lodging-house of 32 rooms, on
Third St.; this a bargain. ROHLFS CO..
41 Third st.
WANTED-^Lodging-houses. ROHLFS CO.,
41 Third gt *
X — NOTICE — We • have roominar-houses, all
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
WANTED — Lodging-house centrally located;
full particulars; no agents. Box 3949. Call.
14 R. — Velvet carpets, elegantly fur.; worth
$3000; sell less than $2000 cash. 3701. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; Bpirits speak face to face; seanca
' Tnes.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sltvlngs $1;
. letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis tar.
A— PROF. GEE. 108" Sixth st: readings dally.
50c and $1; circle every night, 10c.
MRS. VALEEN, medium and palmist,, will
guide you right. 50c. 15S3 Market, near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE, 323 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday ar.d Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M«;yer: sittings daily: test to all to-night: 10c.
» CLAIRVOYANTS.
A 50c — 50c — 50c A
PROF. BROCKWAY. . Prof. Brockway,
1052 Ells., bet. Franklin and Gough.
Offers for a short time only readings at the
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
•his office and residence, between the hours of
10 a. m. and 8 p. m. dally; Sundays, 10 a. m.
to 12 p. m.
Scientific and Expert Life Reader.
Readings which for detail, exactness, truth,
lnter€Et manifested In each individual case,
round advice and counsel are not equaled in
this city at any figure. Pi of. Brockway tells
you what you want to know, eliminating all
uninteresting features and not tirlns you
wlta matters entirely irrelevant to tlie case"
In hand, as has been the case in readings
you have had in the past. Prof. Brockway
reads your past, present and future.
50c — 5Oc — 50c.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays event3 to occur In the fu-
ture. If you axe in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not Balisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569. ¦
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
j medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; tend stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,!
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
eecret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;.
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Cth.
IFMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to B p; m.' Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
qnes.; full names: 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8.' 2C2 Minna st.nr. 4th.
MRS. LAVON, wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; nOc. $1. 234'^ Sixth st. .
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card • reader; la-
dles 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
DOc, $1— Prof. Weller. clalrv »yant, palmlst.card
reader;mall orderg:stamp for, circ. 1007^ Mkt.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
gplrit card reader: consult me; L. 25c. G. 60c.
MRS.. B. Baumann. well-known' fortune' teller.
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 ,O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently.; business
advice: names given: 25o up. 5 Fourth st I
-^.^ .„ l ' E - C ? T * O N ; O FFI CE S.~ ". '^~^
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection AgencyPoth
floor, »1* Market et.: advJce free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market gt.
.: COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY, 5 rooms: gas and bath; large base-
ment and yard; J10. U19.Vkllejo; key 1121%.*
C^^ET^JIEA^nfG^A^^^^EANING.
WHEN vou become disgusted .with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ine Works. 35:j-:iO7 Tehama st; teK South 40.'
AMERICAN' Carpet-beating Works- — Cleaning,
renovated, relaid. 104 14th st; tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402. Sutter St.:
tel. Alain 394. .GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2G3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works. :
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. ¦
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st. : tel. Mission 74.V- ¦..
DENTISTS.
A — DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold nllings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, S5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up. - - - - • - : -
Painless extraction.. .'
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and nllings; extractions or nllings by my
I wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
experience; no. students: advice free; prlosa
cheapest and guaranteed: lady ¦ attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $150
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.: Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st.-. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
j gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDERSON,
I D. D. S., proprietor and manager. .
' A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
1 warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 f»0;filllngs,50c;
! plates $5 full set: all work painless and war-
j ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, .24 Sixth fat
SEE ny new pink Ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crown, $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 6th. -
PARIS, Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bu?h—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fllllngr, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary et. ; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
. YOUNG. 1S41 Polk Bt. '¦"¦„¦ ¦''¦;
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less ext.. BOc: plates $5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut.. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM.
PILOER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat
DOG HOSPITALS. '
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gite ave.
I EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHSOL OF^ETi&CTRICAL~Ei>fGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laoratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post Bt., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
I AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
J tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
J typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
i spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
I new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
I S. F. BUS. COLLEGE. 1236 Market et.— Big
! school because it's best.- Our Gregg short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on
I test. Typewriters at home free to students.
j Nine positions last week.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
- S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
! all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
' engineering: day and night; catalogue free.
' A — The LYCEUM., an accredited preparatory
i school for the university, law and medical
I colleges: references. President Jordan or any
I Stanford professor. Phelan building.
i A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
1 vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
j MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
; following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
j ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
! associated with theatrical agency securing po-
! sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
] PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
I graduate & bookkeepers In account" g: figures.
I TARR. expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
MBiRRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: individual instruction: catalogue.
E:\GlNEERING^Civil, elec, minlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day eve.: est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. li:« Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
I new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st. "
I A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
'¦ moved to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st '
['MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
! lessons, BOc: piano for practice. 30 Fifth st.
• SPANISH. French. etc.Prof.DeFilippe'sAcademy
. of Lar.guages,320Post;estab'd 187l;ablest profs.
j C. HOFFMAN, " the European pianist, gives
¦ thorough, succes3ful Instruction. 1017 Sutter..
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
! SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
i MIES M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
j VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
j teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
I Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business Cnllege.^ 24 Post st: S. F.:
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
\ and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
I Kinoshlta. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton: tel. Grant 168: expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, best domestic, farming and house-
cleaning. 528 Stevenson; phone Howard 2504.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188,
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42(1 Powell.nr.Sutter:tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
TWO first-class nurses, best of city references,
wish situations. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 334 Sutter et. :•
TWO first-class Swedish cooks,' no washing,
wish situations, $30, $35. J.' F. CROSETT
& CO.. phone Main 5300. ¦ .
A GERMAN woman wants housework in small
family; no -washing; good clean cook and
housekeeper or invalid's nurse or sewer; car-
fare expected. Box 3950, Call. / ¦•.¦¦.
A RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wishes
a position for general 'housework and plain
cooking-. Please call at 1414 Lyon St., near
Sutter. * . .;. • '
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook, will. do
some washing, wants work in American fam-
ily: will- go short distance in country. 49
Shipley Bt. . ¦ ¦ . - . -.-• :
NEAT girl wishes situation for light house-
work; private family; no . postals ; call after
10 a. m. 1022 Larkin st. ; ......
WANTED — By a lady with a girl 9 years, a
position as working "housekeeper to elderly
couple or widower ¦ with children. ¦ Address
box 3641, Call. - ¦.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day
washing, ironing and housecleaning. 585
Seventh st. > ¦ \ ; ¦:¦-•' ¦ * :, .*, '
WANTED— A position to do chamberwork and
tewins:; four years' reference. - Please call
1590 Jackson St., near Polk. • ' ¦:--./ ¦ ' ; .
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes .work; g'ood
cook, laundress, etc. ; city or -country. , Call
10 Stockton place, off Grant ave.; no postals.
EXPERIENCED maid, accustoirfed to travel ;
best city references. Box 3680, Call. :
A SWEDISH girl wishes position as second or
housework. 715 Eleventh st^ Oakland.' .:' .-
WANTED— Situation : as companion or house-
keeper, to elderly lady. by widow with daug-
ter 10 years old. . Box 3084. Call office. ; /
REFINED young lady wishes position as sec-
, retary or companion to invalid; some expert-*
ence. Winchester H^tel. room C66. - - .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. . near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. : ',- •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
'received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A ERANCH office for Call' advertisements aad
, subscriptions has been established at 1030
- Valencia st. / ,''.¦¦• . -•¦¦-¦
EMPLOYMENT • "WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG man who is desirous of learning elec-
. trieal . and civil engineering would ' like : posi-
tion with some: gocd- establishment. ' Box
,. 3W>9, Call office. J •; ' a ' , ¦ '• : •¦
POSITION wanted . by young man with 12
years' experience as bookkeeper,- cashier , and
¦ manager of a large business: best, of- refer-
encets. Box 3953. , Call, office.' . ¦ ¦' ' .
MAN will drive and care for one or > two
horses, f Box 3678. Call.'; • •
HELP WAXTEb~FEMALE— -Con."
OPERATORS at Levi Strauss & Co. "s Overall
"Factory. S2^& Fremont st.: no experience
necessary: good pay; steady -work. Apply
to MR. DAVIS. -
WANTED— Operators on woman's muslin un-
t derwear; experienced- only: steady work;-
electric power :, srood pay. .MARKS BROS.,
1212 Market at. ¦.-.' ': .. . ¦ „ . - - . . . .
WANTED— Experienced operator on woman's
wrappers; steady . work; good pay; electric
power. MARKS BROS., ' 1212 Market st.
CAL. College of Hairdressing and Massage, Ida
M. Blakesley mngr.; graduate Prof. Paul Las-
• cotte of N. Y. - Girls change your occupation;
learn the best profession for women; only 3
>eeks, $5; bring add: worth jl. 305 Larkin.
GIRL wanted for general housework and Ger-
man cooking. 1440 O'Farrell st ¦
A GERMAN woman as governess: state re-
0 Ilglon; salary $30.- Box 2994. Call. * ' ¦ -
lst-class sewers to take work home on ladles',
children's waists, etc. H.Frledlander,33S Fell.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
: HELP WASTED— MALE. /
TWO farmers and wives, $35 and $40 and
found; piano player, fare . advanced; 2
prunere, $1 day and board; stone cutter; 2
slack work coopers, $35 and found; man
about place, $30 and found; and others. J.
' F. CROSETT. & CO., 628 Sacramento at.
TWO cooks for country hotel, $40 -and $45 and
found; 3d-hand baker, $9 week and board;
hotel waiter, country, $25 and found; por-
ters dishwashers and others. . J. F. CROS-
SBTT & CO.. 628. Sacramento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st .
Foreman railroad construction work, $75 and
1 board; 2 brick burners, $2 60 a day; night
cook oyster and chop I house, $30 and room;
cowboy for ranch, $15 and found; chore-
• boy for ranch, $15 and found; 2 woodchop-
pers, tools and grub advanced, $1 25 a cord;
2 pruners for vineyard, $26; redwood tie
and post makers, piece work. - ¦
WANTED — A young man for bookkeeper; must
have had experience, write a good hand, ac-
1 curate at figures and be able to furnish good
references. Address, stating references, sal-
ary expected, box 3054. Call office.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, firemen,
etc. — A free scholarship in engineering . will
- be awarded to a few well recommended appli-
cants. American School of Correspondence,
Boston, Mass. -, »
PARTNER in manufacturing business; whole-
sale and retail; stock for invoice price; lar^e
profits; incoming partner tend place. Par-
ticulars 257 Fourth st, near Folsom. ¦
GOOD boy between 14 and 16 years to learn
metal engraving, etc. WIRTH & JACHEUS,
339 Kearny st. : ' r
INTELLIGENT young man, experienced in
men's furnishing goods. D. C. HEGER.
723 Market St., room 19. •
$150 — PARTNER wanted old established busl-
ness; pays about $70 per month. 1016 Mar-
ket st, room 10. ..
WANTED — Reliable young . man with $65,
take cash and assist in restaurant; $40
month; no experience. BROWN, 1221 Market.
WANTED — Reliable young man with $00; take
cash and assist in restaurant; will clear $2 50
a day to each. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
BARBER shop, downtown; well located; must
be sold at once; bargain. D. STOLTZ, Bar- I
ber Supply House, 723 Market st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at barbershop, 530 Clay
st. ; steady
BARBER; Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
fiO5 Mission st. . . . . . ' ¦ •
WANTED— A waiter, $15 and found. 1224
Point Lobos ave. ; Geary-st. cars. , ]
EXPERIENCED stock cutter and book-
¦ binder. GABRIEL. 419 Sacramento st. ¦ -. ;
HUSTLER, 20 to 23, to go on road. Box 3210,
Call office. _ ¦ . l .. ., .
BOOTBLACK; must be first-class man. 607
Lasuna st.
A FIRST-CLASS 4-chair 25-cent shop for sale.
38 Ellis st. ; - ' ' .-• . ¦
THE Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company
Is ready to 1 contract with desirable men to
introduce their New Intermediate Policy
throughout the Pacific Coast L'beral con-
tract and good territory. Apply Intermediate
Department, Pacific Mutual Life Insurance
Co., Pacific Mutual bldg., cor. Sacto. & Mont.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further -. information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— Office boy for wholesale house;
must write fair hand; references required.
Box. 3C72, Call. . - ¦ -.' . . ' " -:
WANTED— Assistant bookkeeper, quick to
catch on; $50 month. W. A: B., box 3040. Call
BIGGEST bonanza on the market; investigate;
$2 to $10 a day in it. 993 Market st, rm. 1.
BUSHELMAN wanted. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO., 541 Market st.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade: eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles. Cal. •
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin,. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires S weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S. BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. !
WANTED — Honest man with ?250; tend cash,
restaurant; $50 month and board; no experi-
ence; snap; come quick. BROWN, .1221 Mkt.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $175 casli;
plain work; no experience; steady place; $15
week. BROWN, 1221 Market st
WANTED — Entry clerk. Address, stating age
.and experience, box 3C35, Call office. .
ATTENTION— Ex-vol. soldiers, for extra pay
apply at 630 Market at. O. E. HOWE. , >
Experienced sash and door maker. INGLER &
YOUNG, Fourth and Washington, Oakland.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hahd army shoes.
BOc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr..6th.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand !
•¦ shoes for sale. 60c up. 241 Third st. . : i
YOUNG' men to learn barber trade; catalogue
, mailed. 3. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. . HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your "shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to BOc. 663 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
' price. 563 Mission at. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 ¦ rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
] free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. . < .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia Bt. -
n "P?^?^^ 0 WAGOKSy ~~
JUST arrived — 72 head well broke horses:
9 • weight from 1150 to ¦ 1500 lbs. ; suitable - for
laundry, express, milk or bakery wagons.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721 Howard Bt. '
A LOT of horses for, sale; at : Arcade Hors©
Market. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons,
- harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at^l a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR; sale — Gentle, stylish riding horee 14}&
hands, dark color; also: gentle riding and
driving Indian pony: cheap.- ..'.- Santa Clara
Stables, 164 Golden Gate ave. ¦ ...
SANTA ROSA sale yard; horses, harness and
¦buggies bought and sold;, new stock, ai ways
on hand. 1409 Market . st, ., cor. . Eleventh. • ¦
DOUBLE team express wagon for sale. Apply
, Turk and Taylor sts. . . , ,
WANTED—^A small- neat ' laundry wagon In
good condition. 2125 Mission st. >
AN "A No. 1: express wagon; single; also light
' camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission. |
FOR sale— 1375 Eddy at. ; stylish * single foot- '
Ing-saddle horse. . ;.....¦;,. ... ¦;¦ fT,
•;: : ¦'..,;...-..' houses ;to,}lkt. ¦. *
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery;
HYGIENIC ; HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this .. interests yo«i
; Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
, -.by applying to MR/ and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 39., 139 Post at.. Llebes building. - -
:, V ' ' ,;'„.' ¦' LO ST. AND '[ FOUND." _.¦¦ '. \ . \-. •
LOST— Gold ring I with 5 diamonds, fob and
locket; initials F. R. 520 Sansome st*: reward.
;..;/ r* J . -. : iV--J MATRIMONIAL. : ; '
GENTLEMEN^ wishing ¦ to ', marry ' wealthy"
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ell 1 3.
MATTRESSES AND ;' PILLOWS.
TO • order. ' also cleaned * and sterilized." uphoN
, Btery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar*
> anteed. ; HOPKB •• BROS., ill' to 418 Powell
st.;; tel. Bush 421.-
SA.V FRA3VCISCO CALL.
,- v'_ ¦ - ¦ .
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets; open
vmil li o'clock every njpht In the year. '
UltAXCH OFFICES — KT7 Montsomery street,
corner <Tlay; open until 3:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C'!9 McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. m.
:;15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1041 Mission street: open until' 10 o. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. ¦ t
109 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1006 Valencia street: coen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
' MEETIKG NOTICES. _i
CROCKETT~Lo2f-e No. 139.~F. and A. •
if.— Degree 1 THIS EVENING. Feb.
12. at 7:30 o'clock. By order of TLj\
the \Y. M /NT >
. H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary^
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. . a
M.— THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- _/V_
i.VG. Feb. . 12. called meeting at 7 7^/V
o'clock for examination; at 8 o'clock ' *» *
for third degree, and special meeting (mem-
bers only) at 7:30 o'clock. By order of tne
W. M. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lod^e No. 1IW, F. and A. m
M. — Called meeting. THIS (WED.VES- _^V-
DAT) EVENING at 7::iO o'clock; J^J\
ftm de<rree. R. E. ALLEN, Sec. . ' *
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 200, F. & •
A. M. 1S.K) Fi'lmore st— Third D»- _JV.
er~> TUTS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- JLjt
ING. at 7:30 o'clock. / *
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
YERBA BUEXA Lodge No. 15. I.
O. O. F. — Fraternal visit to Pa- g*7^^c
r:?.e L-idre No. 155 on THURS-
DAY EVENING, Feb. 13. 1902; 'W» w
members meet in Memorial Hall at 8 o'clock
eharp: every member Is earnestly requested
to attend.
WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS. N. C.
W. W. CROSS, Recording Secretary.
VALLEY Lodge No. 30, A. O. V. W,— jWtfr
Entertainment THIS SfifSsS
EVENING. Fine programme ar "^^^
ranged; bring your friends. QSS«
ASSOCIATED VETERANS o7 the.A.%^
Mexican War. — Regular monthly ?¦£&.<
meeting next THURSDAY. February 4J2W
13, at 6 p. m. A full attendance Is requested.
W. C. BURNETT. President.
WM. L. DUNCAN, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany. — The regular annual meeting of the
Ftockbolders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company vrill be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market st. In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, on WEDNESDAY, the 26th day of
February. It*u2. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a."m., for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing J year,
and for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer bonks wilt close on Saturday, Feb-
ruary 15. 1902. at 12 o'clock m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Matron Navi-
gation Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market st. in the city and
county of San Frar.cisco. State of California,
THURSDAY, the 13th day of February. J902.
«t the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. GEO. A. DOUGLASS. Sec.
ANNUAL MEETING — KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMAPNY— The regular an-
nual meeting of the stockholders of the Kil-
auea Sugar Plantation Company will be held
at the office of the company, 327 Market st.,
in the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
day of February. 1902. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year ar.d for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, Febru-
ary 14. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted: readings
by mail if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
B. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a «peclalty;qulck;quiet;
no charge without success ;establlshed 16 yn.
Open evenir.es byappointment, -phone John31Sl. :
G. W. HQWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bills of sale;partner-
thirs; deeds; wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston,819 Market.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.,927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOOKS — M2W AKD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
: BfSIXESS CHAXCES. ~~
A — $650; CORNER saloon on choicest part~of
Montgomery St.; place paying; first-class;
good fixtures; large stock. For particulars.
e»e R. G. WILKE, 26ij Kearny st *
$S50 — HOME restaurant and delicatessen store;
2 rooms; rent 530; near Geary and Leaven-
worth sts.; a good paying business; rare
. chance for man and wife. Apply R. G.
WILKE. 26V 3 Kearny st.
A— $S00; DAIRY produce and delicacy store
on Hayes et. ; rent $20; living roome; good
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $450; RESTAURANT on Fourth et.. close
to Market; rent $30; good paying business;
value In Eijrht Call R. G. WILKE, 2t>V4
Kcarcy st
A — $3CC0; DRY goods and notions store; best
•location; stock will invoice the price; sickness
• 'compels owner to leave the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2G»4 Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON established years; close to
Kearny and Bush Bts. Call R. G. WILKE.
26 y% Kearny gt.
A — $450; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourtfc St.; rent $^5; daily receipts about
$25: owner to leavt for Nevada. Cal R. G.
WILKE, 2ti»4 Kearny st
A — $600; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters: a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — CIGAR Btand; fixtures, lease, g-ood will for
¦ $400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat
Call R: G. W7L.KE, 2014 Kearny st.
A— SCOO; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
labliiJ>ed years; first -class" paying; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
pocn. R.'G. WILXE. 2Cf4 Kearny st.
A— HOTEL with first-class liar; 57 rooms- cen-
trally located; beet buy in the city; $6500
ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st. .
A — CIGAR stand on Third st. : this is a bar-
gain; $125. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st
FOR sale — Candy etore and manufactory- Mar-
ket; reason for selling. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Sd.
FOR salp — Saloon in. Mission; sold on account
'of removal ; this !s a bargain; price $400.
ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third Ft
FOR sale — Saloon on Market Ft: transfer cor-
r.er: well stocked. . ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third.
FOR sale — Saloon on East St.: first class- long
lease. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st
A— $250; PARTNER wanted: suited to steady
, young man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week-
¦ t no experience required; trial given before
buying. 25 Geary «... room 4.
FOR Bale— Old-established saloon, half or
whole; nrst-clEEs location; must be sold at
°rnoneR^S E * CO ' ™ ***« *'•
RESTAURANT — Must sell this week; receipts
?20 a day; connected with 50-room house- in-
vestigate. M. Turman & Co.. 439 Parrott bldg.
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to~S6
daily. AEk C. L. HEDGES. 4C2 Parrctt bldg.
ST ANTON & LILLIS. 777^4 Market; tel. Black
44!»7-Bu5-. sell and exchange lodging-houses
ar.d business places In all parts of city.
r WANTED— Man with $200 to Join advertiser
who has same amount; Interest In 2 placer
_ claims given. Box 3209. Call office. ;
RESTAURANT: great sacrifice; good trade -
going to Europe on account of sickness.'
f500— CIGAR store at Pcim. Richmond; a bar-
1 gain. GIBB & CO.. Eastyard P. O.
6> .^ O( ? X for Ea!e on Third st - >>et- Market and
Mission; price $140»). Box 3901. Call.
FOR SALE — Half interest In established busi-
ness -college;, any terms . to practical school
teacher with common sense; only such need
apply. Address box 3CS2, Call office. '
> • BARGAIN— Grocery, branch bakery and
bar; two Hying rooms; established 16 years-
doing good business; cheap rent; must s°ll
on account of sickn<j«g. Call »C5 Mission st,"
6ALOON. corner lot, property, Eto>k and fixt-
ures for sale or rent; opposite railroad depot
In Paso Roblep. Address JOHN G E\GFL
Paso Rob!ep. Cal. ¦ '
$350 BUYS a delicacy «tore. with lunch and
'IH'Ing; roome connected: no opposition Par-
ticulars box 3673. Call office.
JCICE cigar stand on water front for sale-
J275. worth S50Q: come and investigate. 20t
East st; no agents. , ..-¦
fbn sale — Route on this paper in business part
cf city. - l!£0 Market st
#350 — SACRIFICE: old-establ If hed downtown
, lunch house. Owner, box 3t ; 83, CaiL'ARRIVED,
LATE SHIPPING DOTEIflJGENCE.
DIMESTIC PORTS.
Tuesday, ¦ February 11.
Stmr .'. Eureka," Jessen, 32 hours from Eureka.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Feb 11 — Br ship
Kinross, from Ladyemlth,. for. Kihei.
.PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb ll-*-Br
ship Eaton : Hall, from' Callao. " ..
¦ Passed lnwa rd ¦ Feb - 11 — Stmr ' Cottasre City,
from • SkaRway, for Seattle. »' .
ISLAND • PORT.
. HILO— Arrived Jan 28— Ship Falls of Clyde,
hence Jan; 11. ' >¦ ' - -- ~
FOREIGN PORT.
. VICTORIA] b; C— Sailed Feb -11— Br-shlp
Elizabeth Nicholson, for. Shanghai. ;
Wilgus took - the ) stand yesterday in his
own behalf and testified that*he-liad writ
ten the" affidavit and signed -it as Wilkin
son, but that the facts narrated therein
were true. He then told of having seen
Matthews In the military hospital on the
field between Petersburg and Richmond,'
Va., at a- certain time. . C.'^ Hesse, clerk
in- the "War Department at Washington,
testified that 1 at the time 1 mentioned by
Wilgus the regiment : to which Matthews
claimed, to. belong -was in North Carolina.
The case will go to the^jury this morning.
, Else's Name to an Affidavit
' for Matthews' Claim. \
• Lorenzo D. Wilgus. a pension attorney,
who, has been doing business in Sacramen
to for several years, was placed on trial
before a jury yesterday- in the United
States District Court on a charge of
forgery. Wilgus is charged in the indict
ment with having forged the name of
Captain R. B. Wilkinson of Company A,
One Hundredth" Pennsylvania Regiment
of Volunteers, • to an affidav.i. reciting that
William- Matthews; alias James Brown,
a colored man, had been a member of
Company B, First Regiment of Volun
teers, during the Civil War. Matthews
was acauitted on' Monday, there having
been a doubt In the minds "o( the Jurors
as to whether he might not have been a
member ; of; the regiment, although his
name did not appear on the roll.
Admits Having Signed Some One
PENSION AGENT WILGX7S
. ON TBIAL FOB FORGERY
Selfishness ia the father of misery and
Jealousy is the mother-in-law.
MONDAY. Feb. 10—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid A«k
Alpha 03 04|Justlce 11 1^
Alta :¦ 05 OCiKentuck oi » 0«
Andes 01 — Lady Wash.. 01
Belcher 07 09 Mexican .... 33 34
Best & Bel .28 27 Occidental .. 10 1"
Bullion 02 (tt Ophlr 00 {£
Caledonia ... 26 27 Overman ....' (81 10
Challenge b . . 17 13 1 Potosi 12 13
Chollar .Jr.. 11 12 , Savage 10 11
Confidence .. 53 61 j Scorpion .... 04
C C & Va 1 3O 1 35>Seg Belcher . 03 Ot
Con Imperial. 01 03 j Sierra ¦ Nev... 15 i«
Con NY.... 02 04 Silver Hill .. 78 78
Crown Point. 07 OS St. Louis .... OS 10
Eureka Con 4 . 18 — Standard ....3 00 3 10
'Exchequer 7. 02 — Syndicate ... 07 —
Gould & Cur. 14 It Union Con ..21 22
Hale & Nor.. 29' 3f Utah 01 02
Julia ........ — O^Yel Jacket .. 17 IS
CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
Dr. Mial and Dr. A. B. Miller, local ex
perts, were opponents in the afternoon
game and the former won by a score of
400 to 267 in, forty-two innings. Mial's
average, 7 3G-62; Miller's average, 5 7-52.
Sigourney — 1, 1, 2, 25. .0, 3. 3, 0, 0, 18, 5,
3, 1. 2,0, 0, 0, 2, 15. 13, 2. 2, 1, 12, 8 4
3, 5, 0. 0, 3, 1. 2 ' 1, 2. 0. 0, 0. 10. 2S, 1,
12. 1. C, 1. 0, 0, Z, 7, 5. 1. 6, S, 3 0. 27.
0, 6. 0. 0. 2, 2. 0. 0, 11. .0. . 4, 0, 3, 3, 27.
0, 0,;2, 4, 10, 0, 0.-6, 6. 13. 2. 8, 2 0. 0.
13. 2, 4. 1. 9 — Total. 400; average, 4 44-89.
. HendrickT-3. 12. 13, 0, 3, 5, 1, 5, 0. 20, 0,
3, 0, 0, 1..7, 0, 0; 2. 1, 10. 0. 0. 0, 4, 24, 8,
11, 2, 4, 1, 1. 6. '0, 8, 31. 0, 0/1, 7, 2, 6. 15.
4. 1. 3, 1, 3. 6. 6. 0, 2. 3. 0, 6.- 11. 4, 7, 1
1, 0. 0, 13, 6, 6. 4, 1, 0. 0, 2, 3, 0. 8. 1. 9.
2, 3. 2, 5, 12. 21. 2; 0, 5. 4, 0,,l. 1— Total. 303;
average, 4 41-8S.
NEW YORK. Feb. 11.— The longest game
so far in the class A billiard tournament
at the Knickerbocker Athletic Club was
played to-night between Wilson H. Sig
ourney of San PYanclsco and John A.
Hendrick of this city. It was found
necessary to play eighty-nine innings ba
fore the desired 400 points were scored,
Sigourney winning by 100 to Hendrlck's
393. Apart from the low average the game
was an interesting one, as it was nip and
tuck between the players for the greater
part of the last 200 points. The score:
John A. Hcndrick in New
\ /York ¦Tournament.
California Billiard Champion Defeats
SIGOUBNEY. VICTOB'
IN HARD-PLAYED GAME
200 Best & Bel... 27 200 Ju»tlce 12
200 Chollar » 12 300 Mexican 34
200 Chollar 11 300 Ophlr 91
100 C C & Va...l 32 100 Sierra Nev... 13
300 Gould & Cur. 15
Afternoon Session.
600 Alpha Con... 04 200 Justice ... 11
600 AJta 06 200 Mexican ...'.. :«
.nOO Andes ©l 200 Ophlr st
.'WO Best-& Bel.. 20 200 Ophir ss
200 C C & Va 1 32 2O0 Sierra Nev... 15
BOO Gould & Cur. 14 200 Sliver Hill... 78
200 Gould & Cur. 15 200 Safer Hill... 77
000 Hale & Nor. 28 200 Silver Hill 70
300 Hale &.Nor. 30 300 Yel Jacket... 19
200 Justice 12
Morning Session.
800 Andes Oil 100 Mexican li.
500 Best & Bel . 2a! 000 Mexican rt
150 ConCal&Va.l 30 400 Ophlr *"" n«
1S& Con OH * . Va.1 30 1000 Overman ' '. '. '. '. l!">
100 Ophir KM «CO Potosi ... t»
100. Hale & Nrcrs. 23 1 200 Silver Hill! I! t5
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session,
000 Best & Bel... 25: 300 Mexican v
200 ConCal & Va.l 30 i 150 Ophlr S3
100 Con Cal & Va.l 33. 200 oSh? ' .' m
1000 Gould & Cur.. 14! 300 Sierra NeVada v\
100 Hale & N s60 29 DOO Union "1
300 Hale & Nrcrs 29 ! 100 Yellow Jacket U
Morning: Session.
The- following: were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Bond Exchange yesterday"
MINING STOCKS.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
The voting an amendments to the oleo
margarine bill in the House to-day indi
cated a considerable, change of sentiment
?! Rce tne last Congress, when the bill had
106 majority, and that the opposition to
the measure has gained strength. White
the passage of the bill is not endangered
it is not likely that the majority to-mor
row, when the final vote is taken, will
exceed thirty. The opposition to-day was
strong enough in committee of the whole
to adopt two amendments— one that noth
ing In the act should be construed to pre
vent the manufacture and sale of oleo
margarine in any State for consumption
entirely within such State, and the other
to provide for the Inspection and brandln"
or renovated or process butter. The lai
ter amendment was especially obnoxious
!2 "If., '"ends Gf the measure, and when
the bill was reported to the House a sepa
rate vote was demanded on it. The vote
Wa . w^ endl^ s when the House adjourned.
Although the amendment commanded a
majority of twenty in committee of th»
whole, where no record Is made, it Is not
"nljkely that the action of tho commute*
will be reversed to-morrow, when mem
£«««?u? oblleed -*° so on record. Several
committee- amendments adopted to-day
changed the phraseology of the bill th»
SSr t t« P °n ta i nt J b ' in , K that makln S »»•
fm?t«tfn ap f p y A° ° eomargarine made in
mitatlon of butter "of any shade of yel-
SE ' Conslde rable feeling was injected
lhe O S e5 5 e i^n. OCeedlngS tOWard the close ot
- Karly in the day the Senate passed a
joinr-resolution submitting a constitution
al amendment changing the time of Pres
idential inaugurations and the termination
and. commencement of Congresses irom
the 4th, of March ,to the last Thursday
of April.
Teller of Colorado had concluded for the
day his argument against the enactment
of the pending Philippine tariff bill. In
response to some statements he mac!e
Platt directed the Senate's attention to
the situation in the islands, maintaining
that great progress was being made by
the -Government in subduing the insurret
tion. Hoar ridiculed the statement^ of
Platt, and in a facetious vein advened to
the efforts of the American Government
to control the Filipino people.
The remarks of the Massachusetts Sen
ator aroused Piatt. who made a notable
speech, In the course of which he referred
to Hoar in sharp terms. In reply Hoar
aelivered a criticism of the action of tne
Philippine Commission.
¦WASHINGTON. Feb. 11.— A stirring de
bate .onV the general Philippine question
was precipitated in the Senate to-day, the
principal participants being Platt of Con
necticut and Hoar of Massachusetts.
Friends of other aspirants for the posi
tion at once preferred charges against
Daniels, declaring ; that he was a faro
dealer and all . around bad. man. It is
these charges, apparently, that have led
the President to recall the Marshal's
commission he had tendered the Ari
zonan. . , \
Daniels took $250 and went on to "Washi
ington to see the President. A week
later Conn received a dispatch from Dan
iels saying, "I've got the appointment,"
and the papers the next day announced
that Ben Daniels had been appointed
United States Marshal for Arizona.
"Help yourself, Ben,'; he said. "Take
enough to go to Washington and see
Teddy." ;
"I believe 1 can get something from the
President."- he said to Conn, "but I
haven't enough money to go and see
him.".
Conn went to his 'safe and brought out
his gold box.
Daniels was mining in the Magdalena
district in Sonora for some time, and a
few years ago sold a mine for $4000. He
had many friends and his money wa3
given freely, as is the custom on the bor
der, until he was left : without a cent.
Forced by adversity, he went to his old
friend, M. M. Conn, who conducts a
gambling house in Nogales, and told him
he was "broke." ' , .
Goes to See the President.
Daniels was a cowpuncher for some
time in Arizona.- He has been a pros
pector and miner, a meralur of many a
Sheriff's posse in pusuit of outlaws; but
in all his life on the border he has never
had a quarrel, bar one incident in Crow
Canyon, which cost him a portion of his
right ear. Daniels was engaged on a
round-up, of cattle and one night in camp
a cowpuncher attacked him. Daniels
tried to throw the fellow off, but in the
scuttle his assailant bit off a piece of his
ear.
He is • regarded as strictly honest, al
though his life has been cast among the
bad men of . the frontier country, i No
doubt the President knew the character
of Daniels, and if he has recalled Danieis'
commission as Marshal it is because he
could not make the people see Daniels
as he is. .
On the border Daniols 'is regarded as a
man ' oi exceptional nerve and daring.
Av hen he nrst came to Arizona he
"trained" with George Hayes, the noted
cowboy and border "gunngnter." Daniels
and Hayes are still good friends. Dan
iels' character is littingiy described . by
one of his iriends, who says: •
"Daniels will shoot a man if he has to,
but he won't steal/'
Noted for His Baring.
It is eaid Daniels saved the life of Col
onel itooseveii on one occasion. A ripan
ish sharpshooter was airecting his iviau
ser buiiets at the leader of the Rough
Kiders. Daniels had oeen sent forward
as a scout by Roosevelt arm found tne
sharpshooter in a tree, trying to get ac
curate range with his rifle to Kill tne col
onel. Daniels picked the" shurpsnooter
out of the tree before he. could harm the
commander.'
The story of Daniels is a border ro
mance, Ha sequel being the recognition
by President Koosavelt of tne iormer
cowpunciier, wno lougnt valiantly on San
juaitn.il, lonoweu oiuy yesteruuy uy tne
seeming witnurawal oC ine rewara ten
uereu ihe irontieismun, uy tne nation's
cmei.
TUCSON, Ariz.. 'Feb. 11.— Friends of
Benjamin Daniels still believe that lip
will be United States Marshal for Ari
zona, notwithstanding that yesterday's
dispatches from Phoenix announced that
his . commission had been returned to
Washington at the request of the Presi
dent. They, declare that Roosevelt is a
man of too much "backbone" to "turn
down", the former Rough Rider because
of attacks made by_ Daniels' enemies, and
that should the President not restore the
commission to Daniels it will have been
the first time on record in which he baa
permitted himself to be . influenced oy
political wire-pulling. • v '
Special ¦ Dispatch . to \The Call.
Rsward for Man .Who Saved
President's Life Is •
-Withdrawn.'
Platt of Connecticut and Hoar
of Massachusetts at
The Philippine Question
Causes Debate Among
Lawmakers.
Arizona Rough : Rider
Loses His Marshal's
Commission.
SENATORS USE
SHARP WORDS
FOES OF DANIELS
SWAY PRESIDENT
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. •
M A Sherwood, Fort A Brown & w Stock tn
Bragg :¦',-¦.' . J . C McKittrlck. Tei
G S Crawford. Nebr ' H Jansen & fy iT
J W Courte, N Y ..:¦.¦', Mrs Smith. San Jose
W.L Smith. Baltimore O A Dyson, w & a Or
Mrs Graham. S Jose ¦ F M Tindall 111 '¦¦'¦¦¦ ¦
Ed Butler.- Seattle.. R G Robinson. Benlcla
A R McCartinfr, Denvr F T Collins Iowa
HC Webb, Chicago C. Mason; Kansas City,
Depositions in Patent; Case.
United ; States Commissioner : Southard
Hoffman; Is engaged In taking depositions
in the case of-' Frank M.~ Peters vs.' the
Union 'Biscuit Company,* Aclolph'E.-.AVin
kelmeyer, and Hartwell.B. Grubbs. '¦'•¦,The
suit is pending in the'United States-Cir
cuit Court at ¦" St. Louis, . Mo., , and is : for
an , Injunction ' and damages ¦ for in/ringe
ment - of a. patented biscuit 'carton.' • The
depositions beingj taken are those of Jo
speh S. Stulz, president of the California
Grocers'. Association, < and Hugo D. '¦•¦ Keil
of Goldberg, ' Bowen & Co. Charles l K
Offleld of Chicago and Earl; D. Babstof
Detroit are ; In .-?• attendance ' > during - the
taking of the depositions on'behalf of the
complainant and Darsey A; Jamison of
St. j Louis': is here" for -the -defendants.
President A. "Winkelmeyer of the Union
Biscuit Company is also in attendance. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY; FEBRUARY 12. 1902.
13
FRllitYALEADYERTlSEMENTS
rntlTYALE REAL KST.VTB. •
£3i nnnarallelod opporttm'ty: •JOOxlTO feet. cor.
V.'i!s^n £vc. ar.il Hopkins Et.: 2 dIocks Irom
•.' Ftreet caj-s .and jjubllc school: furnished cot-
taue of <> rooms; tta'ole. chickca-houss. pis-
ton cote. etc. : cmamental crounds; fruit
orchard: 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
irem S. F : rent $."j a month: price $4C*0.
App'y -T- H. FREUD. Mills building, or H.
A. PLKITNEP.. Frultrale Station., ¦
FOR eale — I-irg*» let near electric road: must
yell or Rive away. Hex 3flS5. Call office.
ltOO.HS FOR HOl'SEKEEPIXG. ¦
ARIEL." aruTsolar "flats. 523 and Ml Turk st.:
first-class; new b'.dc: housekeeping suites.
BELL, The. 1773 Market— Front parlor* suit
with kitchen and gas range: rent $'20.
CASTRO, *29. nr. 17th— 2 private furn. h»kpgr.^
private entrance: lawn: cheap: no children.
ELLIS. 11C2— Elepant parlor suit with kitchen;
every convenience; private. •
FIFTH. 353 — Famished housekeeping In suites
2 or 3. $12 to ?20; also single. $5.
GEARY. SIS'.i, flat 1 — 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent S10. .
GOUGH. 70S— 3 nice sunny attic rooms, single
or housekeeping: nicely furnished.
LAUKIN, 901. corner Geary — Two sunny, front
rooms and kitchen. ,•
LASKIE, 27, between Eighth and Ninth, oft
Mission — 3 sunny connecting: furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping.
MISSION. 1219 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
room; no children. ¦
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary — Bay-window, sun
all day; gas stove, large closet.
TURK. 130 — Two unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping: connecting ; cheap.
USVXX. 1019 — 2 furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; also single rm. ; private family.
Virginia, 1005 Powell— Usunnyfront housekeeping
rooms, newly furnished: gas range; baths;$20.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1O06
Valencia et.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New elegant
sunny: grill attached; T5c day upward; ratea
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13C4) — Fur-
nished rms.. suites, eingle; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH. 329 Powell, cor. Geary — Location
most central; large well-furnished suites and
eingle front rooms as offices; modern im-
provements; electric light, etc. ,
EDDY, 316 — Elegantly furnished sunny front
room; refined couple or two gentlemen; every
convenience.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms.
35c, $1 SO night; $1 50. $6 wk; open all night.
ELLIS. 418, The Plerpont— Beautifully furn-
ished suite; private bath; sun all day; $35.
ELLIS. CS5. cor. Geary — Sunny bay window;
mantel; folding bed; tight housekeeping. -
FOLSOM. 820. near Fourth— Furnished room,
$1 per week. . v
FRANCISCO -Hotel — Elegant suites; single;
transient ; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 3G3. bet. Powell and Mason — Elegant
suite, beautiful furnishings, for offices or liv-
ing rooms.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single ;elevat.
GRANT. 245 — New bachelor apartments, fur.
or unfur,; suitable physician or dentist; refs.
KEARNY. 31, and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA. 067. corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
window room. ?1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 217 — Near Third, single or double,
one large front room.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market — Nicely rur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; S5c a day up.
OCTAVIA. 1211— Sunny furnished bay-window
room, double and single.
O'FAKRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec lights; day. week. mo.
O'FARRELL. 326 — Sunny furnished rooms,
With all modern con.; prices mod.; private.
POST. 821. nestr Leavenworth — Elegant unfur-
nished or furnished room and housekeep-
ing rooms. »
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandesecent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month. ?S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk St.
STOCKTON. 332 — Nice tunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone.
SUTTER, 1003 — Sunny well furnished rooms,
en suite or single, for gentlemen.
A BP.ANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been esteablished at 1006
Valencia st.
ROOMS A\n HOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water: modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
BUSH, 1220 — Furnished, unfurnished or house-
keeping rooms; with or without board.
CROCKER. The. . 915 Leavenworth — Sunny
nns. ; sin, and suites: ground and tennis crt.
EDDY, 620, The Irvlngdale — Sunny suites;
large double and single rooms from $22 CO up.
ELLIS. 1048— Exceptionally well furnished
- sunny rooms, with excellent board; private.
JOHNSON. The. 603 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA. 615 Taylor— Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board.- terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular ratea.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Small furnished flat or suite In pri-
vate family with board; Panhandle district;
no children. Box 3639. Call, office.
ROOMS WANTED.
2 BEDROOMS, 1 kitchen, furnished for family;
2 ladles. 1 gent: permanent. Box 3951, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GR^A^^XRG^INT^f^YrawmTERS^wi
eell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 206.
TYPEWRITER for sale cheap; In good order.
Address one week W. M.. box 3904. Call.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors :<>«itlmaf free. 20!) Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Tho Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 38, of eeventy-
flve cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at office of company.. rooms 202. 204.
20C Hayward bldg., San Francisco, on Febru-
ary 10, 1UO2. Tranefer books close Feb. 3.
1!>C2. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary,-
MABBIAGE LICENSES.'
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Gaspare Colicchla, 25. 338 Green street, and
Santa Sturnlolo, 20, 430 Oreen street.
Hugh W. Miller, 34, Sulaun, and MaryH.
Watson, 21, city.
William J. O'Connor, 22, 6 Rose avenue, and
Margaret L. Nolan. 19, 1C19 Howard street-
Henry K. Develey Jr.. 20, city, and Nellie
Reddy. 21. city.
Joseph A. Tombaugh, 30, 140 Seventh street,
and Fredericka E. Strauss. 34, 148 Tenth st.
Archie E. Moffat, 27, 2320 Octavia street,
and Essie E. Cambern, 25, Tacoma, Wash.
• William R. McCuIlugh, 24, -717 i Laguna
street, and Lizzie J. Tally. 24, 301 Fulton st.
Thomas J. McGuire. 30. 4«3 Geary • street,
and Mary A. Brough. . 31. Vallejo. .
Albert Hanify. 34, 270S Bush street, and
Clara Schaefer, 30, 1C31 Bush street.
Edwin O. Cochrane. 21, i 60 Geary street, and
Mary J. Gallagher. 21, 113» Ellis street.
David L. Robinson. 22, ;I2O*4 Sutter street,
and HatUe L. Spear. . 20. 32a Castro street.
Pietro J. Yola. 21. Suisun, and Angelina Lu-
chwtti. 25, Suisun. /
Janu»s*Wade, :S2. ft?J Sutter street, and Jes-
sie Uoeers. 22. city. ,
Stophftn II. Chase, 27, San'Jose, and Kate
E. Moody, 19, Boulder Creek.
•Willie m Geddes, Str. 1408 Hyde street, and
Mary Finn, 22, 74 Shipley street. ;
Abraham J. Locker, 32, city, and Florence
Waldman. 21, city.
Louis F.~ Bauman, 37, Napa, and Emella M.
E. .Volx. 30. Yountville.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
|C«/CAGO|
IN LESS THAN
3 PAYS
From
San Francisco at 1O a,, m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
DOUBLE ; Drawing'-Room Sleeping
Cars, Buffet, Smoking and .Lib-
rary Cars, with barber. Dining
Cars— meals a la carte. Daily Tourist
Car Service at 6 p. m. and Personally
Conducted Excursions every Wednes-
day and Friday at 8 a. m. from San
Francisco. The best of everything.
R.'R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. Gen. Agent Pacific Coait
Palace Hotel ( San Francisco -
/.V'.S * or S. P. Company's Agent ¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.-
Via Sausallto Ferry
.„¦• V> v '. commendnK September 29, 1901.
FROU SAN . VAI^EY
. WEEK DAYS— 6:35. 8:30. •0:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1:45. 8:15. 4:15. 5:15. *C 15. 6:45 p m. «; '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p.m. , ¦
SUNDAYS— *S:0O. »10: 00. "11:30 a. m., Mils
3-1B *4:45. 0:30. 9:30 p. m. -
'Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN PRANX'ISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5s25.- 0:27. 7:45, 8:33, 10:15
. n, T^ •12:23. 2:15, »a:33, 4:40. 5:30 p. in.
"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. WeUne3day»
an? Saturdays at 6:45 «nd 9:53 p. m. - . .
SUND AYS— 6:15. •8:00.- »10:00. -.11:43 a.m.. I
•1-40 »3: 15. 4:45, »G:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:35. 8:55. 10:30
a. m., 12:35.* 2:4«, 3:50, 5:10 ' p. m."
"EXTIU TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:15
3:30, 5:00. C:45 p. m.
.... - THROUGH TRAINS.
/ 6:55 a. m.~ week days — Cazadero and way
stations. .. l :
i 1 :45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way -
stations. ¦ ' . % ¦
S:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and wuy
stations. - -- ¦ '
Legal Holiday boats and trains will ran on
Sunday time. * |
RAILWAY. TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
It-it lu« Irair »>¦.! nrr «!••*¦ < o nrrl>r «•
WAX riUMCIMrO.
(Ua ! n Line, Foot of Jlnrlt«t Street)
lsavz — Know Febp.i.'.*et 9. I3C3 — arritb
~:OOa Betttcia, Kui.<iiti, Klmiri and btcra-
luouut t.V>r
7iO»a Vicwilla. Wi t>r.>. Siinm} 7:C3r
i>3tt« Mai>i>ie/;>i;ki>l:ani<>ii.Vi.l.ejw. X»v»,
t'nii'<ii:g:ii>ii.i.s..: ! r.K Hunt ll:S.1r
»:0«a DatU. W.Hxllatul. Uuf»iit» I.-ia.liiiz.
Mamiilfe. • hrcul.!.. ?:.15p
KrOOi Ail»-tl.- t-.t-re*.- Ojt'IeM ami Ka«t (it'iSi
»:•»«* yiltm. I.'thrn-. SU«»tim ~:«-ip
!»:«»n.» Nil«i. MhAh, lUnfuiO. Vis^li*.
I'oftntb _.. 4t.13p
M:3(tjk Sh t.r-. S'.ii,. wi»- Ifeih. William* (Cor
KartMt h;::U:?3\ Wiikitrs, K*t
ii.'uir. r.>riwii»i ?>95r
»i:t«» Situ Jmr, M«rnmn». Htucktim,
Imii«. S»>T»i>li-ltl». riltci-ITltlc.
M»rja*illf. «:hie... l:«.l Itluir ti2.Tr
n>n«t% «>»V.Ul-. Oiinr*«:.N.,i|..r>i. luoluinna 4t»ay
{•:(•<» * lljvwxrii. Nib » and Vm»j Stations.. I I1M4
ll:i><>» Vullijn U-.-i^r
U:»ii4 Iw Anrctex Ex|>rafl — MarMiiex,
''" . ¦'•". .'.! Tf»«j>,.l*U»»"p. ->iim-'iW.ii. M-rc.-iI
; ;• Krt-imi xuil Ijxi Aii^u'tn 7:.15a
ii.riOA ValH... M*rtl»«*aiHl »V»y .Sialliiim Ir^.-.p
I «:<i<>.\ Tl:.- < )T«rNii.l I.I ..i-cil— (ration, I.'eu-
lrr. Omaha. Dilia*! 'tttVtr
lll««pSiu-r»lu«-lltit 0N>lk«aMI |l|lD»r
3>«»r I! ¦iiictn, Winter*, fnrwunilo.
tTiwthUMl. Ki.UhU Uiailiig.
ttsrynKtr. «>«,, f |l|.. » I»:.V»*
3:3l>r llnyroar.l. Nil-n.ii.il W»j Hti^wi.. 7:5.»r
¦l:»or Martin**. M«n Kkhiih.. V..II*),.,
Nu|>->. ••i.lSt.U.Ki.. Santa Kh< O S^A
l:»«f Xii-j. l.l»ii:ii'im. Htur.Mm. I,ikH... I! «f
<a>i|i H-jwrLi'llw.^'i I'"*, Unnnore t 5 *' 55 *
¦|i3*rTlM Out l.i.ni'r.l • Kn-»i.(.,Tuli.rc
)Nk. rNlloM. Hntigua fur .Santa liar-
1*11.1, Ix-h \nu.-l.-*..... A;SS«
Sttiop Pnrt Ut«<a.Tr>rr. lj»*brn»». Htocktcn I«:'<3a
r» f M»r'fi>-z. Antli.cli. Stockton, Met-
e«l, Frxiw l»!»3p '
r.:«O|- M»riri%r.l. MlimamlHan Joa<* ?tS-1«
|0!««r V»ll-j4» 11:23*
«iOi»r Ifrtmtal Ala»-<)pfcn. IJenrer.
<» > alii. St Lfiil*, <'U!c*ztt . 4>23p
1i»lir <>if K1 .i. »ihI rHiii..r.l«. Ki|.i.-».N.(i. '
iKio^ut... Klmj.illlo. 1C...1. tT.ttr.
|-...l!i.i..1. |-« a .i x.i I MI..1 Rart «.5^*
".o1kS.ii. IN).'.>. I*..rt Ilo-U. SUlUucC
KM,n(.i, f.Uli..!.* 11:33*
! f^Tf V»l'- 1 ?:-V»P
COAST lilM-: ».N»»r«w Uansi.).
• Km.i «f M >rkr4StrmM _^
- Kil.t* Newark. «>i.^r..lTir..-s»ii.l.i«a.Krlt.. 1..
Imii'iU-rl.'r. rk..Saiita(Jriixniiil Way
HteUuMt.r.' 3i3»f
t3il.1r Nnwark, ( V.ilnniil.-. S»n .!:>»«, Nmv
Almuiinii. (frltnn. i:.>nl.:«r « !rrnk,
.S*iii* I «« Auti tiliiclinl V.'ajr
8Mtiim B I»s--\»A
«.ir> r NrirntK. Hn .l.w«. l*» (J*l.» tStS«>A
att.Sop Iluntrri' Train -.San J«.ie and Way
Huttow j7.aoy
i OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Jnm £1.1 rRAXClitt— f-m ai tUt\i.tt Strnt (SU7 8>—
! FltwOttUVB— r»l ¦•jtfitJwaj.— t<i:OO {H;00 (3:0*
! lU;uOv.M. 15:00 8.03 i.53r.n.
COAST 1ASK ilir MI | li> n< ).
( Thir.) w.d r < mn«oi..r SU.)
tttlu* Sail Jv*«sn<l Way .-»»tiua»....^....J «»sl«»*
7;0»\ H»n JnanHMil Wmj Hlali..iiji f"«:Oiia
/7in«» N.» ,»l.-ii.l«. / »:IOP
S:UUa Coa*t Line Liuiiteri — t\n .Twe.
t;iir.jr. Hatika*, Sai- Lois Oburo. ¦
fankc lUrbarv Ix» Arc* I • -u«l
principal intrrmi-(!i*tpst.«tluis ... lO:43p
i OiOOa Man .!.«•>. T>ei l'io«xi. MHUk^fi.ix.
; r^riltc •!»..»•-. .-iliii"* Sun 1 *i*
; OliiajH) ami Priuciiiai intermediate
Htittk.tia ... 1 4:10p
1 ln:;i«A 9»n J<aeaiH] W»y Sh»Hona. «:S34
i HiXllA Haii.linr-liml WafSUtiwil UilO4
I V*:i*r San Matni. I^iWmkI, Mr'.lo Park.
! 1'alo Alto. .^antaCiara, Man Ji««.
Tro» Pino*. HmmIm Crux. Salinas.
i MmiioTHjafl I'adtie Cra«s |t«i4S4
[ S:S»r *an .>«¦« auri Way Htntioun. ItSMp
[ M:l»r N»M.li»i«» l »I!'rli..-ipal WnyMtaMons .Itlltlp
! li.'JOfSiiriwt I imitf.l — 5rt>n<l»y?, Wnlnn-
I ¦ <l:iy». • r rjtl*j«. for Lo« Ai>g*l«i. *a
' l'wo New Orfean* »ii<1 New York.
I Atrtrea Suudijs. Tuesd.iji and
' Thurstlajri l«l»13*
! 1&:«Op Ban Jw. l^» Catoa aud Principal
j Way HUtimiH t»:eO»
I S.-rrop flan Joan Hinl Principal \V»y St«ttmi« «:.1«p
[ «:MfS»u JiHh-aml W»»Htall.MU ?s»Op
I ":0Up New Orleans Eipr»*a — Pan T.uil
; Obbpn. S»«u Mtrhtra, Lo« An-
1 relea. 1) nitns. Kt Paso, New (n-
le»a« au-l K-nl Il:3Oa
«Ht43pSa,» Jiat- »tnt War Statimw 1 ::t»p
; A for Morning. 1" f»r Aftnrnoon.
i t Muuilar rxemited. J Snnday only.
j aSaturdar only. — / Tueattaya aud Friday*^
Santa Fe
S Trajns-Daiiy.
Leave Marteet-jtreet Ferry Ppoot.
~~i '¦ ULocat I Lim'd I Ovrl'd S Local
« \ I Daily ( Dally i Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a( 0:00al S:00p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10.1S alll:4S a 11:10 (4 7:1S P
•• Mtrced.. 12:25 pt 1:1T pi 1:30 al 9:11 p
•• Fresno.. 2:05 p| 2;:J5 p| 3:15 aI10;50 9
•• Hanford. S:12 p| :J:27 p| 8:05 a|
•• Visalla.. 3;3D pi |.'.:00a
" Bakersfd 6:15 p 0:2U p| ":-*5 a{
- Kan.City 2:40 a 7:3Oaj
" Chicago.... 2:15p|»:00p|
a lor mormns. i> lor atternuun.
l»:00 a. m. train is the CalUornia Lim-
ited carrytnc Palace Sleeplnir Cat's and
Dining Cars through ti> Chicago. Cnalr Car
run* to BaJcersfleld for accommodation ot
local Urat-class passensers. No secord-
rlass tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:0.1 a. -n. dally.
4:20 p. ra. is Stockton, Merced ani
Fresno local. Correspomllns train arrives
at 12:30 p. in. daily.
¦ 8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, wtth
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Itecllnin? Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at U:00 p. ra.
daily.
1 7.20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaqus<\ Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street -and In Ferry
Depot, Saa Francisco: 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. | |m
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN SY. CUL
LESSEES' 'V'.p
SAA FBANCSSGO AND mi'A PAJIf.i
hAluWAY tOiVifANY. v
Tiburon Ferry, Foot «* fctaricet »~
San Francisco to San Rafael. .
WEEK DAYS — "i:M. «:uO, 11:00 a. ro.: 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, ti:;tO p. m. Thurbdays— Extra,
trip at 11:30 p. ra. Saturdays— Kxtra trip*
at 1:6O and 11:30 p. m. ¦
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 0:U0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5;C0. «:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 1>:10. 7:50. U:20. 11:10 a. nut
12:45. 3:10, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — tlxum
E trips at 1:55 and fi:J3 p. m.
SUtiDAYS — 8:1U, 0:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:»0«
5.05. 0:25 p. m. _„_
Leave | In Eftect | Arrive
San Francisco. I Apr. 28. 1001 [ San Franclaca
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. \ aaya. | Destination | days. \ Days.
7:;t0aro S:C0am| Novato, 10:40am o:4Oan
3:30pm 8:3Qam Petaluma. 0:05pm 10:254m
6:10pm 5:00pm;Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 8:20pm
Fulton,
\ 5 :30am \Vlndsor. 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburtr, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyservtlle,
'3-.r.0pm 8:C0am Cloverdale. T:33pm 8:20pm
7:50am 6:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10 :25am
3:20pm 8:00am and Ulclah. 7:35pm B:20yti»
1 •30am ~ il0:4Oam 10 :25a ra
8:00am GuernevlUe.l 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm J %;"Xym
~7:30am a-.QOam Sonoma 9:15am SUOara
and
: 5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Kllen. C:05pm 6:20pm
j 7 :30am I 8:0Oani| (10-.4Oam|10:25am
3 :30pm I 5 :00pm ( Sebastopol. I 7:33pm| <t:20pm.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lyttca
Springs: at Geyser ville for Skacss Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Oeysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs. ' Kelaey-
ville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Laieport
and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Lauril
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo.
potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. L.lerley*s.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hul'.vllle. Orr"a
Hot Springs. Mendoctno City. Fort Brasg,
Westport, Usal. Wiltlts, Lay tonville. Cummins,
Ball's "Springs, Harris, Olscn'a. Dyer. ScotU
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
Veyond San Rafael at half rates. ' .
Ticket office, 650 Market street. ChronlcH
buildlns.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
¦'-;-.'' '¦¦"-• . G»n. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
mOUNT TAMALPAIS R.\ILWaV
L<jave Via Sansalito Ferry Amve
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran. .
BAnoaM, «si uaklet stKsxx ui fttBSALrro max.
/P^l Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jS-^-^m 629 EEASM ST. ExtabllshMl
1S5-5 for the treatment of l'rlvnt»
EgijISt^'*** Dls^a.tes.-Ij^t Maiibnixl. I><-bliity or
Hwa'HTrlMffcrUm- wearlngron body ami mlii't and
MMBSu^HSltin Diseases. The Doctor cures wlifa
SBSHSS 0 ** 1 *™ fall. Trr him. I'harsM tow.
y""riinl>i-d. Callorwrit*
I>r. J. S*. <-IU!:o.\. a&u francisco. Cak _ •
. j ..-•-. . • ¦ - 1 . _¦- ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ .
% a. a. umuSen &""co^
14 Montsoaicry st.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
. -.• ¦ AUCTION.
At our s&fcsrccm. .MONDAY. February l'lh.
VJCrj. it It o'clock nocn.
SIXTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Kefei-ee t'n.W.
>o. 2T«S HsUi tu :i nd No. C9-71-73 Harriet
ft.; hxxmnremeBti raaakc cf store, lodglns-
houf.e ol la r««.:t:!is and lAret tenements; double
iror.iiite; eubjoct lu confirmation i>y tha 2u-
Sierior Court.
LAMnntT tSSTXTBi
Administrator ta:«*.
No*. ICCS-T'i Howard ft. and Kos. 577-579
Nati-n-a ::t.. brtwotn Cth and 7th et«.: Im-
provcn«enta consu-t of 2 stores. •*? flaw of 4
i'»n:.« iji.J 2 Joa^ins-Jicuses of i4 uad 13 rooms
<'»vh; rent $lti:C par annum; with little outlay
til- iccoMe of Uiis property could be caa&i&tr-
¦tMy £t:creos*-l: MJ.vltil. irregular; subject to
continuation l>y the Superior Court.
PO3 r-ST. INVESTMENT.
No?. ICO-US1-U52 Pcsi *.:., bet. L&sruna and
Uuchanaa sit.; 4 elegant new mciltrn flats Of
fc mom*, and bath each; rents #102 SO per
month. (Md are low; lot 25x0x1.57:6.
EPKSTISSttf AUDITION CORNER.
Xos. 5i;-."13 Octavia ru and No. 5>li Ivy
eve., S;pt. Hayes and Grove sts.; good !m-
nrasemeBCi consist of 3 houses cf <j rooms and
t>ath ccrh. all la perfect order; rents $«i pet
raonv!:. which are low; lot 35x80.
HOvVAIiD-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 1-J24 Howard St.. bet. ISth and 19th
*ts. ; rrndcrce of 9 rcctns and bath; brick
faenfeHpn; 'mrse garden and yard; let OOx
v WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
No. 21 Baker si., bet. Kai^M and Page sts.:
choics foay-wlndow residence of t> rooms and
»>ath; cn:y «>ne block from Park; bank mort-
tras-e cf $3009 can rercalr..
REFEP.EE SALE. . .
35th rt-. junction of Market and Sanchea
sts.; choice buildicc lots. 25x100 each; sub-
ject to confirmaticn by the Superior Court.
MISSION RESIDENCE. •
No. 9 Pearl st.. bet. Market and 13th. Val-
lcncia and Guerrero sts.; substantial dwelling
of 0 recins and bath; brick foundation, etc.;
lot 25xSO.
CAPP-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. S12 Capp St.. bet. 23<J and 24th ets.:
modern bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
bat*; in perfect ord9r; street bltuminized and
scooted by the city. "T
CHOICE MISSION CORNER.
No. S£00 17ih St., N\V. ccr. of Sanchez et.;
rood improvements, consist of 3 stores and 2 |
flats; rents $92 per month; lot 30x91:6. I
AVESTER.N ADDITION COTTAGE.
No. 27«3 Octavia st-. near Green 6t. ; coiy
cottapre of 6 rooms; street bituminized and ac-
eppted by the city: lot 31x72.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
ISth ft., eouth line, bet. Guerrero and Do-
lores Kts.: 2 level building lots. 25x90 each.
For further particulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
03S Market Street
$2,000 cash buys an elegant new modern
residence of 10 rooms and bath and
finished basement; ™ily a short dis-
tance from Golden Gate Park; bea.utl-
:ully finished; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$36,000 — Six new elegant modern corner flats
of C and 7 rooms and bath each; on
the best portion of Golden Gate ave.;
' renting for $30J>0 per annum; 55 feet
frontage on Golden Gate ave. by 100
feet in depth.
$32.500 — The best business corner on Devisa-
dero et. ; present Improvements store,
flats, etc., pays $2406 per annum: can
easily be materially increased; lot 55 x
S1:C feet.
$14,000 — E'.erar.t modern residence of 14 rooms,
2 baths: finished basement, etc; on a
Gough-st. comer; only 6 years old;
rents ?9o per month.
$11,500 — Rents for $13S0 per annum; 3 fiats;
new and modern in every respect; 6,
fi, 7 roorr.y and bath; must be seen to
be appreciated; on the north side of
Page st., near Park Panhandle; lot
25x137:6 feet,
$11,300 — Two new modern flats of 6. 1 room*
tr.4 bath on Oak street and 2 flats on
Lily ave., near Laguna; rents $1260
per ar.nuEi; fine lot, 27:6x120 feet.
$S,000 — North side of Folsom St.. opposite :
Columbia Square: store and 4 flats;
well built; always rented; pays $S40
per annum; lot 25x75 feet.
$S.O0C — Three new modern flats on Harriet '
St.. rear Howard; S. 5. 6 rooms, and '
batb each; rents ?S70 per annum; lot
25x73 leet. ¦
$<5,O0O-Trn«e desirable flats of 4. 5. 5 rooms !
an* bath; on north side of Gulden i
Gate av. : rents for $000 per annum: J
lot 25x137:6 feet.
$H.O00 — Swell Richmond cottage on Fourth
ave.. near Clement rt. ; 5 rooms, bath
njwl attic: couhS at -a small expense be
finished off; lot 23x120 feet.
$2.500 — Two well-built flats of 4, 5 rooms and
bath on Green St., near Larkln; rents
J240 per annum.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS
Some «xeeedlng;ly desirable lots: Ashbury
]] eights. Call at office for particulars.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO ,
C3S Market street.
A. E. HUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
20 Montgomery st.. room 11.
Renis.ca'.lected; full chsjge taken of property.
$2.500 — Veer cheap property; lot 30x100; near
Sixteenth and Mission sts.
$1S,COO — Three very stylish new sunny flats,
S rooms; choice location; rents $150.
$2,000 — Cory home. « rooms and bath: 15th St.,
near Howard; reduced from $3000.
$13,000 — Three stylish new 7-room flats; Page
si., near Baker; rents J120.
P~>,tZ0 — Choice Pacific Heights lot on Jack-
son ft., near Octavia: 40:6x127:8.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave.. H and I sts.. near
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. r.UCKINOHAM. 28 Montgomery, room
11. Pranch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
IF you have any vacant lot north of Vallejo
Ft. and from Van New ave. out as far as
Lyon st.. and you want to sell it, then call
on the undersigned fcr an Immediate buyer:
either a subdivision or a 50-vara lot. W. J.
I (il'NX, 530 California st.
ANOTHER residence wanted to purchase
north of Vallcja et. or on any of the cross
streets from Van Ness ave. to Lyon st. The
undersigned had two buyers for a property
.lust RoSfl w!th!n that section, a cash pur-
. chaser; if you have anything to offer submit
it. W. J. GUNN. H30 California st.
JOSEPH STRAL-H. ~~
£50 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177. •
Real Ertate Agent.
Property bought and sold.
7?ents collected.
HAVE you a lot to exchange for corner lot.
F>3xlO8. on Alcatraz eve.. Mock from San
Pablo ave.. Golden Gate, Oakland; close to
rchoolhouse and station; value $Do0; will pay
$¦><*) to $1000 cash difference. L. H.
MOISE, 320 Sansome et.
$:>00 — LOT 25x112 :C: one block from cars; ready
to build on. THE McCARTHI CO.. iH9
Market «t.
$7500 — FOR rale, business corner grocery with
6 living 1 rooms and stable; 3-room flat above
J. P. FAIVRE. 2304 Fulton et.
A CORNER, 75xS0, Junction Market and Do-
lores. $13,000. E. A. K.. Dimond, Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
IB payef. In wrapper for mailing. t\ per year!
REAL, KSTATI3 COUVTItY — For Sale
BAN MATEO — Good land cheap: one-acre lots,
5-acre lots; city blocks at acre prices; in
ReCwood City, 'A minutes' walk from new de-
pot and Courthouse; rich, deep soil; great
oaks.; Improved avenue; prettiest offering on
Peninsula; double track; all trains stop; best
;jrop«?rty for least money: don't wait: come,
fee us. WOOSTER, WHITTON &-MONT-
COMERY. C34 Market 6t.. and San Jose.
¦ rr >K SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
trmall tracts, $C0 to $00 per acre, on Rancho
Ootati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, an
fian KranciFco Is growing 1 rapidly; location
Sieet rcr poultry and general fanning. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 Calif crnla St., for
pamphlets and Information. •
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: risht locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY Jt CARR. 6 Eddy St. •
WE have several fine fruit ranches to exchange
fcr city or Oakland property. HEALY *
CARR. C Eddy tt., S. F.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send
ctarop for free list. C. R. Winfleld. Petalnma-.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
r OAKLAVD REAL ESTATE.
7 NEV»' homes, 5 to 8 rooms; all first class;
Merrlinac or Twenty-eighth st.. between Tel
t-Krapn ave. and Grove «t.; monthly payment
plan. See owner -m the premises to-day.
£KX> CASH— $26.40 per month buys a new C-
P. TODD, 10.0 Hrcadway. Oakland.
£*£ MEADS. Oakland real estate. 3T23
Proxdwpv. Mar Fift^nlh st. *— —•
8CHELLHA4JS. iOS Eleventh st.. Oakland.
BIRTHS— MARRIASES— DEATHS.
Birth, raarriase and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at -either of the publication offices and be
i indorsed with the name and residence of-per-
] sens authorized to have the same published.
[ BO3l2vT.
! LICHTEXSTEIN— In this city. February 2.
1002. to the wife of Joy Lichtensteln. a son.
l~~~~~ MABRIED. ~~~
I DEMMELMEYER— STROH— In this city, Feb-
ruary 10.T1S02. by the Rev. J. H. Schroede>\
John Demmelmeyer and Emma E. Stroh.
HKISE — SIEMUND — In this city. February 9.
11)02. by the. Rev. J. H. Sehroeder, Henry
Heise and Lizzie Siemund. '
MICHELSEN— WILL— In this city. February
S. 1902. by the Rev. M. H. Llebe. Charles A.
Michelsen and Martha" Will, both of San
Francisco.
STIKEMAX— PERKINS— In this city. Febru-
ary 10. 1902, by the Rev. Arthur H. Brlggs,
pastor cf Central M. E. Church. Arthur V.
Stlkeman and Jane E. Perkins, both of Santa
Cruz.
WOHLANDEn— MATTER— In this city. Feb-
ruary S, 1902, by the Rev. O. Groensbers.
Theodore F. Wohlander and Lisette J. Mat-
ter. . . . .
| DIED.
Baker, Richard J. Howe, Clara F.
• Baron. Abraham Ives, Charles W.
Bradford. Mrs. S. J. Knop. Elfert
Breede, Dora Koegel. Jane .
Colby, Amasa D. Merrill, Thomas
Crelehton, Herbert 'Mores!, John
Dower, Gertie /• • ¦ Nelson, Mary
Dunham, Eugene Parker. Edward H.
Dunn. Martin I'opovich, John L.
Dwyer, Malachi Hose. John G. \ "~
Faure, Louise Salles. Victorine E.
Fine, Julia Shaw. Oliver B.
Forrest. William Shenk. Kitty .
Foster. Hurry W. Sheridan. Annie
Fuller, Eleanor M. P. Stromberc Ida
Garratt. Harry B. Tomaeich. Anton
Gill, Mary . turn Suden. Caroline
Gray. Rebecca K. White. Maud V.
Hill. Benjamin S. Williams. Edward
HUlard, Ruth M. Willis. May
Hoffman, Henry H.
BAKER — In this city, February 9, 1902, Rich-
ard James, beloved husband of Louisa
Baker, and brother of Mrs. Jessie Lee, a
native' of England, aged 42 years 3 months
and IS days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral' to-day
(Wf-dresduy). at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors cf Bunker & Lunt. 2CCU Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, under the auspices of Court Bohemian
No. SQ23, Ancient Order of Foresters. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, via electric
funeral car from Twenty-third and Guerrero
Etreets.
COURT Bohemian No. 8023, A. O. F.— Officers
and members are hereby requested to assarn-
ble at the parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 266«
Mission street, at 1:30 o'clock, on Wednes-
day. February 12. to attend the funeral of
our late brother. R. J. Baker.
M. BOEHM. . Chief Ranger.
I M. FUETSCHER. Fin. Sec.
BARON— In this city, February 11, 1002, Abra-
ham Baron, father of Harry, Samuel, Ben
and William Baron and Mrs. I. Jacobs of
Sydney, Australia, a native of Prussia, aged
7U years.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend :he funeral to-day at
10 o'clock, from the parlors of A. W. Mar-
tin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell street. Intcrme.it
private. . ¦ .
BRADFORD — In NorthamDton. Mass., Febru-
ary 10, 1902, Mrs. S. J. Bradford, mother of
Lizzie J. Bradford of Northampton, Mass.,
and Mrs. 11. K. Starkweather of Alameda,
Cal.. ared 71 years.
BREEDE— In this city, February 11. 1902.
Dora, beloved wife of the late Henry A.
Breede, beloved mother of William A. Breede
and Mrs. C. A. Mossmayer, and sister of
Henry Steffens, a rative of Germany, aged 60
years 3 months and 8 days.
EyFrienls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), Rt 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2706 Pine street, near Devisadero.
COLHY— In Oakland. February 10. 1002, Amasa
D. Colby, a native of Acton. N. H.. aged 71
! years and IS days. ~ X
i E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitifl to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, February 12, 1902. at 2 o'clock,
at the residence, 295 Claremont avenue.' Oak-
land. Interment private.
CREIGHTON— In this city. February 11. 1002,
Herbert, beloved youngest son of Samuel
G. and Mary L. Crelghton, and brother of
Laura P. and Victor P. Crelghton and Mrs.
G. W. Owen, a native of Visalla, Cal.,' aged
26 years 11 months and 13 days.
Gr7"Frlen(3s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
funeral parlors of, Charles H. J. Truman &
Co., .'{IS Mison street. Interment private.
DOWER— In this city, February 11, 1902, Ger-
tie, beloved daughter of Michael and Mar-
garet Dower, and granddaughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Timothy Ahem and of Michael Dower,
a native of San Francisco, aged 10 years and
0 months.
CyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ta attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the late
residence, 118 Morris avenue. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. /
DUNHAM— In this city, February 11, 1002.
Eutere, beloved son of Eugene and Hilda
Dunham, a native of Cranston, R. I., aged
10 years 4 months and 3 days..
DUNN — In this city, February 11, 1902, Mar-
tin Dunn, a native of Ireland, aged 62 years.
DWYER— In this city, February 10, 1002,
Malachi Dwyer, a native of Ireland, aged
tiO years.
FAUIIE — In East Oakland, February" 11, 1902,
Louise Faure (nee Boughlet), beloved wife
of Leon Faure, and mother of Louis and
Emily Faure. a native of Moscow, Iowa
as^l 41 years.
CrFrlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, February 13, 1902. at 11 o'clock,
at the residence, 2112 Thirteenth avenue
(cars to house), East Oakland, thence to St.
Mary's Cemetery. Positively no flowers.
FINE— In Oakland, February 11, 1002, Julia
Fine, beloved daughter of Mrs. Madalino
Deme, and eister of Lottie, Henry, August,
Fred and Jennie Deme. a native of Oakland
aged 25 years 1 month ajid 20 days.
FORREST — In this city. February 11 1902
William, beloved husband of Annie Forrest'
father of William and Fred Forrest and
brother of Thomas, Mrs. William Ervin, Mrs
P. Ryan and Ellen Forrest, a native of Mld-
dleton. County Cork. Ireland, aged 50 years
FOSTER— In . this city. February 9 19O'»
Hurry W. t son of the late Henry A. and
Mary Foster, and brother of George H
Charles T., Frank E. and Grace T. Foster
- and Mrs. George H. Strieker, a native of
San Francisco, aged 40 years 2 months and
12 dsi ys.
E7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
| fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, at 2 o'clock, at the family resi-
dence. 1411 Oxford street, Berkeley. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland. I
FULLER — In this city. Eleanor Maud Par
lane Fuller, beloved and eldest daughter of
Alice M. M. Fuller, and sister of Lewis J
and Sybil F. Parlane and Wilfred R Ful-
ler, a native of England, aged 15 years and
7 months. ' •
ICTFriends land acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the California
Mc-thodlst Episcopal Church, corner Califor-
nia and Broderick itreets. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. v
GARRATT— In Calistoga, Cal.. February 10
1902. Harry B.. husband of Fannie Garratt
and brother of Mrs. W. H. Crlm. a native oi
San Francisco. . "«--*
ETTtiends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday) at S
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Bunker
'& Lunt, 2666 Mission street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third, Mission Masonic
Temple. Interment private. Please omit
J3ILL — In this city. "- February 10, 1902, Mary
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher >
DANIEL P. DONOVAN Mgr -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
; Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
BAN BRTJNO HILLS.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
[ X HENDERSON. Manager. '
NEW FIRM OF UiNDbKTAKbRS
Samuel McFadden. is years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor &. Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Kiehth. Telephone South 44. '
1 —J^.*"" 1 *9rirth st. Xei. south i87 1
REMOVED! ;
JV\C:Gt IMIM ' BROS., .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and . EMBALM.
ERS, to rJ4 nnrt 228 McAllister st. (For-
rnrrly tt 31 Ertrtr rt. T<»1. South 2X3. >
THE UNDERTAKERS AND GENERAL
public are . hereby notified that the : price for
cremation at CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY
is now $10. - •
Cypress Lawn XeraeteryrAss^n^
1504 MARKET ST. '
Gill, beloved aunt of- William and Officer
James Gill. fMrs. Mary Donnelly" and Han-
. nah Gill, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
need 101 years'l ; month and 4 days. (New
'. York- papers please copy.)- "•¦•..- '• - ¦ .
B^?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend "the funeral to-day
¦ (Wednesday), at 12:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1201 Howard street, corner, Eighth.'
thence to St. Joseph' s Church for services.
GRAY— In this cKy. February 11, 1002, Re-
becca K.. beloved, wife of John H. Gray, . a
native of Bremen, Germany.
HILLARD — In thia city, February 9, ' 1902.
Ruth Mildred, beloved child: of J. F. Hillard
and the late Katherine Hillard. and beloved
sister of Kamona Hillard, a native ot San
' Francisco, aged 2 years 0 'months . and 15
days. "
E?"Frlend>s and acquaintances 'are respect- |
fully Invited to attend the funeral services!
Wednesday, February 12, 1002, at 10 o'clock,
at the. mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. • by electric funeral car .from cor-
ner of Guerrero and Twentieth streets at
10:30 o'clock. .....
HILL— In this city, February 8. 1902, Benja-
min Stone, husband of Lizzie Hill, •. and
father of Mabel and Benjamin C. Hill, a na-
tive of BJddeford. Me., aced 54, years.
1C7" Interment private. Remains at the par-
. lors of the Western Addition Funeral Direc-,
tors. 2428 California street. f
HOFFMAN — In this city. February 10. 1902,
Henry H. Hoffman, a native of Germany,
. ared 04 years. . • •'
HOWE— In Alameda, February 10. 1902, Clara
Fisher, beloved wife of Frank C. Howe,
daughter of Annie E. and the - late Major !
George A. Fisher, and eister of Mrs. Alice !
F. Holden and Harry S. and Eva B. Fisher. |
ICTServlces Wednesday, at 2 o'clock, at !
1440 Benton street. Alameda. . I
IVES— In this city, February 0, 1902, at hU I
. residence, VW Geary street, Charles W. Ives, '
dearly beloved husband of Annie M. Ives. J
beloved son of Frances M. and the ¦ late
AbijaH Ives, » only brother of Harry L. Ives.
and son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hahn.
a native of Troy, N. Y., aged 42 years 0
months and 30 days. (Troy, N. Y., papers
please copy.)
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 6b<5 Geary street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
KNOP— In this city, February 11, ¦ 1002. ¦ Elfert
Knop, beloved brother of Henry Knop, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 04 years 1 month and
IS days. ;
ETKemalns at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maars, 017 Mission street. • .
KOEGEL— In this city. February 11, 1902.
Jane, relict of the late Frank A. Koegel,
and mother of Edward, David, Frank and
William Koesel and the late Mrs. N. C.
White, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 7(J
years. ,
EFFriends end acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
! (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1170 Harrison street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighth and Harrison streets.
MERRILL— In this city. February 8, 1902.
- Thomas, son of Richard D. . and Eula Lee
Merrill.
(CTTuneral services to-day. (Wednesday),
at 2 o'clock, at 2040 Pine street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MORESI— In this city, February 11, 1902,
John, dearly : beloved husband of AurelU
Morcsi, father-of Adele Mores!, and brother
of Mrs. J. Reall. Mrs. G. Petralli and Joseph
Moresi, a native of Switzerland, aged 53
years 1 month and 14 days. . ¦ \
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
at San Jose. February. 10. 1002. at 1:30
o'clock, at his late residence. ?S Devine
street.
NELSON— In this city, February 11, 1902, at
her residence. 4231^ Clementina street, Mary,
dearly beloved wife of Edward Nelson, and
loving mother of Mary E. and Alice A. Nel-'
son, a native of the parish of Clonard,
Cour.ly Meath, Ireland, aged 52 years. /
PARKER— In this city. February 10, 1002, Ed-
ward H.. beloved son of the late John. E.
. and Annie E. Parker, and brother of Esther
Parker, Mrs. Thomas Tyler | and the late
Thomas E. Parker, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged. 35 years. (Portland. Or., papers
please copy.)
K7"The funeral will take place to-day
'(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. Thomas Tyler, 417 Va
Bryant street, thence to St: Rose's Church
for . services.
P.OPOVICH— In thi» city, February 11, 1902,
John L. Popovich, a native of Podl, Boka
Kotorska, Dalmatla, Austria, aged 32 years
and 3 months. -
lEyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the Russian
Church, corner Powell and Union streets,
where services will be held. Interment Ser-
vian Cemetery, San Mateo County. Remains
at the parlors of the United Undertakers, 27
and 25) Fifth street.
ROSE — In West Berkeley, February 10, 1902,
. 'John G.. beloved husband of Mary H., and
father of G. Sidney,. Mabel, ¦ Amelia, Mary,
Donald, John and Jessie Rose, a native of
San Jorge, Azores.
(CyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at 9
o'clock, from St. Joseph's Church,- Berkeley,
where a solemn requlfm high mass will be
celebrated for the "repose of his soul. -In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery. .
SALLES — In this city, February 10. 1902, Vic-
torine E. Salles (nee Rondel), beloved wife of
Bertrand Salles, mother of Bertrand, Pierre
and' Joseph Ealles, sister of Mrs. Pierre La-
taple and Edward Rondel, sister-in-law of
Pierre Lataple, and cousin of Edward Jor-
uensen, Anna Joreensen and Yictorlne
Cedley, a native of San Francisco/ (New
Orleans papers, please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
February, 33, 1002, at 8:30 o'clock, from her
- late residence. 1712 . Seventeenth avenue.
South • San Francisco, thence to French
Church of Notre Dame des Victolres, where
services will be held at 10 o'clock, thence to
Third and Townsend streets to the 11:30
o'clock funeral car. • Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, i —
SHAW — Near San Jose,' February 10, 1902,
Oliver B. Shaw, a native of Maine, aged (SO
years 11 months and 15 days.
ETFunenl Wednesday, at 11 o'clock, from
his late residence on Dent avenue, near San
Jose. ". . ¦ ; ¦; .¦ ¦. ._ ¦
SHENK— In this city. February 10, 1002, Kitty
Shenk, a native of Illinois, aged 34 year's.
SHERIDAN— In thia city, February U, 1902,
at the residence, 075 Bryant street, Annie,
beloved and eldest daughter of P. H. and
Bridget Sheridan, a native of Boston. Mass.
STROMBERG — In. Castro Valley, near Hay-
wards, February 0, 1902, Ida, beloved wife
of J. F. Stromber*, daughter of Dora and
the late Henry Kuackstedt, beloved mother
of J. F. Jr., H. A.. John F., Richard F., Her-
mann F. and Elizabeth J. Strombent anJ
Mrs. B. Carey, and sister of Mrs. Henry
Weyl and Mrs.J. Stock well of Sonoma. Mrs.
L. Cook of Oakland and Henry and Theodor
Kuackstedt. a native of Germany, aged 48
years 4 months and 17- days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day morning, at 10 o'clock, 'from St. Eliza-
beth's Church, Bray avenue, Frultvale, near
i East Fourteenth street. ¦ Interment Mountain
• View Cemetery, Oakland. .
TOMASICH — In this-Tcity, February 9, 1902
Anton, beloved son of Pera and the late
George Tomaslch, and brother of M. Toma-
slch of San Francisco, a native of Zupa,
Dalmatla. Austria, aged 41 years 3 months
- and 15 days. - ¦ . . I ,
tC?'Kriemla and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral Thursday,
at 1:30 o'clock, from the hall of the Aus-
trian Military and Benevolent Association,
507 Sutter street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of Va-
lente. Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street.
TU11 SUDEN — In San Francisco, February 11
1902, Caroline Christine Louise turn Suden,
wife of Otto, and mother, of Peter, Richard,
Linda and Caroline turn Suden, near the
close of the 38th year of her good and useful
life. ¦-¦-- --.-¦,:¦.-. . ¦ ¦ '
E7"NotIce of funeral hereafter.
WHITE — In this city. February 10, 1002 Maud
Vida, dearly loved daughter of Andrew and
, Emma F. White, aged 17 years 5 months and
28 days. . . . • ¦ < • .
E7Funeral services , will be held at the
residence, ,1211 Taylor street, Thursday, Feb-
ruary 13. at 11 o'clock.- Interment private..
WILLIAMS — In this city, February 11, 1902
Edward, beloved son of Thomas and Gertrude
Williams, a native of San Francisco, aged
26 days. . .
WILLIS-^In this clty| February 9, 1902 May
Willis, also known as Mrs. May James a
j native of New York, aged 85 years '-
1CT Friends apd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor : Dierks, 057 Mission street be-
tween Fifth and ' Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.-. ¦¦'¦'., ¦ . - ... -iRain fell generally in Central and
Northern California yesterday. Xo rain
was reported from the southern part of
the State, and Forecaster McAdie states
that the prospect for showers In that
section for to-day is very slight. The
weather prediction for San Francisco for
to-day Is frequent showers.
More Showery Weather Expected
Adah Castillo, the. young girl who was
taken to the Emergency Hospital early
yesterday morning in a hysterical condi-.
tlon from a real estate office at 777^ Mar
ket street, swore to a complaint in Judge
Cabaniss* court yesterday charging J D
Murphy with criminal assault. W h'
Stanton, alias C. D. Marley. who was ar
rested along with Murphy, is still de
tained in "the tanks." The girl claims
that she must have been drugged, as she
does not remember going to the real es
tate office or being taken to the hospital
Drugg-ed and Maltreated.
Salvation Army Wedding.
A unique wedding was celebrated • last
night by the Salvation Army in the hall
at the corner of Post street and Grant
avenue. The little hall was prettily deco
rated In green and white. The bride was
Bertha A. Barnstark and the groom Hen
ry C. Keyser. They were attended by Cap
tain Jessie Gibson and Mr. Johnson. Each
wore the regulation army suit.
Continue to sell better and better all the
time at our famous carload prices. Not
only trunks and valises, but dress-suit
cases, traveling sets, cameras, pocket
books and all kinds of leather goods
which -we letter in gold, free of charge'
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street •
Trunks and Valises
Haas Bros., Pennell-Suydam Company
an'd other creditors of E. A. Wilson of
Santa Rosa filed a petition yesterday in
the United States District Court asking
that he be declared an Involuntary Insol
vent. The petition alleges that Wilson
had committed an act of insolvency by
transferring $700 to the Bank of Santa
Rosa with the Intention of making the
bank a preferred creditor. It is further
alleged that he owes the petitioning cred
itors $2500.
Involuntary Insolvency.
John M. Pettigrew and Hilbert Bros,
were admitted to membership in the or
ganization.
Resolutions were adopted requesting
Congress to officially adopt the metric
system before January 1, 1904. It was also
decided to request the Congressional dele
gates from this State to exert themselves
toward securing the establishment of light
and fog signals at Point Buchon and ¦ a
fog whistle at the entrance of Carquinez
Straits. ;
The Board of Supervisors is to be re
quested by the chamber to appropriate
$20,<XO for the purpose of making a worthy
exhibit at the St. Louis fair.
Appropriate resolutions on the death of
Rear Admiral Kimberly, wh<j waa an hon
orary member of the chamber, were
adopted.
The board of directors of the Chamber
of Commerce held their regular monthly
meeting yesterday. The vote of the mem
bers of the chamber on the matter of the
exclusion of Chinese of the commercial
class was the most Important subject for
consideration. The count of the ballots
showed that 329 firms had voted In favor
of and 51 'against the resolution asking
Congress to enact a law ¦which would per
mit the free entrance into this country of
Chinese merchants, buyers, sellers, man
agers and agents. A memorial was ac
cordingly prepared which ¦ will be for
warded to the President and the members
of the California delegation at Washing
ton, D. C.
Free Entrance of Chinese of
Commercial Class.
Large Proportion of Members Want3
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
HOLDS MONTHLY MEETING
W. H. Mills made a striking assertion
concerning the inactivity of San Francis
co in exploiting the resources of the ter
ritory lying north of Tehachapi. and
therefore tributary to this city. He said
that the advertising that Los Angeles had
secured for the southern portion of the
State was an asset the value of which he
estimated ¦ at $10,000,000. In twelve years
the State Board of Trade had expended
$250,000 in advertising the State. • In fact
it had been the only agency to advertise
this part of California. In the same pe
riod the great city of San Francisco
¦which had an assessment roll of the total
amount of $500,000,000. had not expended
more than $10,000 to advertise the interior
F. McKenzle, representing Commission
er Sedgwlck, invited the board to send a
California exhibit to the Crystal Palace
exhibition in- London, but the request was
denied because there were not funds
available.
Director Wooster and others debated
the best means of having the advantages
of the State brought to the notice of the
people of the Bast. On motion of Woos
ter, thanks were voted to Tne Call, the
Chronicle and the Sacramento Record-
Union for recently .calling attention to
the resources of the central and northern
portions of the State.
In addition. to this the State Board of
Trade, at the meeting yesterday after
noon, received a preliminary report con
cerning the exhibition to be made at St.
LouLs. The committee met yesterday
forenoon and continued in session some
hours. The fact appeared that the coun
ties which are asked to furnish funds to
secure an adequate representation of the
State at St. Louis desire to have county
exhibits, that localities may be definitely
identified with the products that are
shown. The committee was given more
time to make inquiries concerning a large
number of details.
Interior of State Poorly Advertised.
The effect of this move will be to pro
vide a permanent exposition of the re
sources of the State in the most public
place in San Francisco where it must
daily be seen by thousands. Another ad
vantage will be in having an exhibit of
comprehensive scope always under the
control of the State Board of Trade that
can be moved, if necessary, to any place
-where great crowds congregate, as in the
case of a national convention in the Me
chanics' Pavilion, or other rallying point.
'J hjs will not do away with the county
exhibits that are now on the upper floor
of the ferry building, where they occupy
a much greater space than is ever allot
ted to any one State at a world's exposi
tion.
Steps were taken yesterday that will
probably result In placing a large, com
plete and representative exhibit of the
products of the State of California In the
grand nave of the ferry building, at the
foot of Market street, where they may
be seen by every person who enters into
or passes out of San Francisco by the
Market-street gateway. The State Board
of Harbor Commissioners have signified
their willingness to allot the necessary
space in the grand nave. Yesterday af
ternoon the State Board of Trade, on mo
tion of W. H. Mills, instructed Secretary
Filcber to proceed to collect the exhibit
for the board. Mills, In making the mo
tion, said that the State exhibit should
be complete and that even* industry In
the State should be represented. The
t>oard readily and unanimously adopted
the idea.
Permanent Exposition of Resources.
I. W. Hellman Jr., who is one of the
stockholders in the association, was seen
last evening. He Baid that the question
of erecting a magnificent hotel building
had been discussed, but that nothing defi
nite had yet been decided upon. He said
that the corporation will tear the present
building's down at once and that the char
acter of the building to be erected in
their place wquld be announced in the
near future.
Several meetings of the association
have been held recently and I much dis
cussion ensued in reference to the pro
ject. It is said that a number of the
stockholders were in favor of erecting a
hotel on this site, owing to the splendid
location. .
The members of the Bankers' Invest
ment company, which is composed of lo
cal capitalists who purchased the largest
portion of the Blythe block last June, are
at present considering the advisability of
erecting a magnificent hotel on their
property at the junction of Market street
and Grant avenue. i
Grand Nave of the Ferry
Building to Be Used
by Exhibitors.
Capitalists Think Blythe
Block Is a Splendid
Site for One.
STATE PRODUCTS
TO BE EXHIBITED
ANOTHER HOTEL
MAY BE ERECTED
Rionhart's Flaxseed Balsam
Will cure your cough. 50 cents at all druggist*'.
The four weeks old son of Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Williams of 29% Oak; Grove ave
nue was accidentally suffocated in its bed
yesterday forenoon: The mother placed
the baby, on the bed while she went -into
the kitchen to prepare , hot water for -its
bath. When she returned she found'. the
Infant dead, with 1 its face buried in the
pillow. • . . ,,¦(,:'
Baby Suffocated in a Pillow.
Judge Hebbard granted Isldor Simon* a
divorce from Frances , Simon .yesterday
for desertion. Augusta .Cambot was
granted a divorce from Noel Cambot for
neglect. . ' " .
Annie Macy filed • a suit . for divorce
against Seth Macy. yesterday,. alleging de
sertion. . .' ¦' '.-.'-.' .'
Laura Walter Brown, wife of "Eugene
Hart Brown, a bookkeeper," filed a suit for
maintenance yesterday. -She alleges that
her husband has failed to provide for. her,
for more than a week, y ,
Mismated Couples in Court.
¦-. NEW ',YORK,'. Feb." VY'.~— The r steam » yacht
Noma,' built- for 'W. .B.' Leeds of the Chicago,'
Rock Island; and •Pacific,'-' was ' launched to-day
at Port; Richmond; Staten Island. ¦;_< .-'•¦. '•• .'
It would appear from' certain provisions ]ot
the charter that up to a certain point .in their
work it was the intention of the i charter
trainers to Klve the Board of Police Commis
sioners power to euspend a. member ( of; the
department in certain cases and under certain
conditions. But a complete examination >of
the charter shows that such power is nowhere
directly granted to the ¦ commission.'.-. It. "• is
to be noticed that . the power . of • suspension
referred to in the provisions quoted Is a. power
granted •'subject to the- provisions '.herein
after set forth," or "in the manner.herein
after provided." In-as-much "as there, are . nh
later provisions setting forth the limitations
upon this power of suspension or i the manner
In 'which said power -may be exercised,- the
l'ollce Commission. In j order to exercise sii^h
power would have ¦ to read , into * the- charter
provisions not therein contained. ••• It' is' op
vlous that we have, no way. 'of ascertaining
what was the mind of the . freeholders' • upon
these matters. ••'•-• ' •• ' -- r '¦ v .' "' V
Although chapter. VII is headed VP r <> nlotI on8.
suspensions, dismissals and : disratements'.'.<the
freeholders omitted all reference to 'suspensions
therein. Section 1 of eald charter relates ex-,
cluslvely to promotions. Section 3 of the same
chapter defines the manner i in which and \ the
causes for which a member of the force may
be dismissed. Section 2 relates to punishments ¦
and therein it Is said that a guilty member
shall be liable to be punished , by reprimand
or by fine or by dismissal. These punishments
being designated must be regarded as ex
clusive. I see no'-way of- avoiding, the con
clusion-that there is no power. in the Police
Commissioners to impose any other punish
ments than those named in this section. ° . .V,
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion
yesterday that the Board of Police Com
missioners has not been ¦ granted power
to impose the penalty of suspension upon
a member of the force. The opinion says:
* C7h.arter Contains N"o Provision
Regarding Suspensions.:'
City Attorney Advises • Board TL at
Valsh' and 'Cogrhlan- Now Have Goo 1
I<eads and 'Finn ;Is Overtaking
,. : '- '•' ,->¦;, -Bent.; ; : >;., ••¦>.¦;'¦:'; \
E. I. Walsh 'arid 'John Coghlan are still
making gains ¦ over '• George ; Alpers and
Fred Eggers in the Supervisorial recount.
The three precincts counted yesterday in
crease'd^ their leads; 17 .and 18 votes're
spectively. ;/< The .standing (of the can
didates named Is as follows: • .*. [
-: ¦'¦' •-."-¦"¦¦ ';'¦ . Official. • Loss in , Present
f ' :. : ff • '¦'¦ - • . ' Count. Recount. Standing:
Braunhart >//.". Tis'.s 16, 749 ' 35+ 1U,:RI3
Payot........" .16.571 • ~W ,^10,213
Wilson... ¦...-.•...... -^16,517 40<i ;. 10,111
Bent ............... Ufl,112 4:U • .15,078
Kggers ....:.... ¦.:'.• 15, 95* 4S9 ,.•_'•. 15,Nii
Alpers '......; .;i5,n*0 432 15.4SS
Walsh .:.'.......'.... 15.88<; . . 1«2 -.13.724
CoRhlan- ....-....¦.'.¦. 16,680 "151 . I5,5;tr>
Finn ,....".•.•....;. '.,15,595 S1KI'. : 15,442
Lyons'.:.*..;....... 15,574 • '? 178 ' • 15,.J ( J(5
Aird .............. ir.,!»25. .171 . 15,351
Reagan ....... ...VI 5, 434 , 168 . 15,260
Although his whereabouts is unknown
to the police, it was said last night that
Gross was seen during the day on a Sut
ter street car bound for the ferry. It is
believed by the police that he will shortly
be apprehended. >
damages. The suit now awaits trial.
LABOR PARTY ' CANDIDATES'
CONTTNTJE -^AKING : GAINS
torney Greany'discovered that it had been
cashed by the Union Savings - Bank
at Oakland. . When >this [J bank : . was
visited it was ascertained that Gross had
by the use of chemicals obliterated the
name of the payee of the certificate writ
ten on the back by; Greany and inserted
his own. .This accomplished, he had_ no
difficulty in- securing the/ money, r whicn
was paid to him.without; question. . :.
About a month ago; Gross decided* to
rent a furnished house on Howard street,
and .he sent his sister-in-law. Miss: Conn,
with a deposit of $5 to secure -the , prem
ises. When he sought to enter the. house
with his family the' owner; refused him
admittance, and a few days'later he filed
suit in the Justices', Court to recover $2*)
ATTORNEY ; WHOSE CONFIDENCE WAS BETRAYED BY CHARLES
GROSS IN A MANNER THAT MAY LEAD TO SERIOUS RESULTS
FOR LATTER, FOR WHOM POLICE ARE SEARCHING.
BOARD RESUMES
WATER INQUIRY
Schussler Tells of New
Sources Acquired by ,
The investigation into the operations of
the Spring Valley Water Works, prepara
tory to fixing the rates to be charged for
water, was resumed last night by th«
Beard of Supervisors. The company sub
mitted maps ; of all the properties owned
by the company in the various countle3.
They, showed that the company has fifty
seven pieces of property in actual use. 1
Chief Engineer Schussler demonstrated
by means of a large map the several res
ervoirs and water sources owned by the
company. Schussler went into considera
ble detail 'regarding' the new Alairteda
Creek system in the Livermore Valley
recently acquired by the company.
Schussler said the system at present sup
plied lO.OOO.UOO gallons of water dally to
dan' Francisco.
Schuasler told of another corporation
called the Suburban Water Company, or
ganized in Alameda County to deal with
iarmers and others who Insisted on be
ing furnished with water in return for
rights of way. He said the Suburban
Company was controlled by the Spring
Valley Company. Mayor Schmitz desireU
to know* the exact relations between the
two corporations and Schussler explained
that the" Spring Valley Company organ
ized the Suburban i Company to supply
consumers in other counties, as the
Spring Valley Company could only sup
piy the city of San .Francisco with water.
Brandenstein objected to the company
listing as one of its properties the Ala
meda system, from which water was sup
plied to other counties. Brandenstein held
that the entire system should not be recK
oned as an asset of the company upon
which an income should be allowed.
Braunhart objected to a clause con
tained in Schusaler's statement that the
last | Board of Supervisors had held a
secret meeting on February 23, 1901, when
the water rates were fixed. Schussler de
clared that he had not been heard at the
meeting and that he had intended to give
testimony as to under-valuations and
omissions in the report. Brandenstein
held that the evidence was all in at the
time and called on Schuasler to retract
his charge that a secret meeting had teen
held. Schussler agreed to strike out the
word "secret," but the board held that
there had been no meeting:— only a con
ference. Schussler finally withdrew the
charge altogether. M „.',_, .
The board accepted Schussler's invita
tion to visit the Livermore Valley system
next Sunday and adjourned to meet next
Tuesday night to continue the inquiry.
Policemen ,<m Their Muscle.
The police officers of this city will be
on their muscle next Monday night at the
Hall of Justice, when the Civil Service
Commission will conduct a physical ex
eniinatlon of those who desire to take the
examination for promotion, to positions of
corporal in the department. . , The exam
ination will be conducted by Drs. Bazet,
Buckley and Ward, the last two being
members of the Board of Health. About
two hundred policemen have filed.appli
cations to take the examination for pro
motions. The oral and written examina
tions will be held In the auditorium of the
Girls' High School February 23 at 1 p. m.
Camera Club Entertains Friends.
The California Camera'Club held- ;Its
monthly meeting and entertainment last
night at the club" rooms, in the Academy
of Sciences building. The seating capacity
of the rooms was quite inadequate to ac
commodate the throng of visitors. The
following programme was rendered:
Slides from the Montreal and Toronto
camera clubs; solo. Miss Bertha Campe;
reading, Miss Charlotte Graeber; Leonard
McAvoy, in just a -bit of ragtime; Mi33
Claire Hosier, recitation: Mrs. Parker .se
lections on the piano; Mrs. Hobson, vocal
selections- . • .
POIilCE COMMISSION" MAY
NOT SUSPEND OFFICERS
The certificates were issued January '25,
and in due course Greany received re
ceipts from Catherine Kavanagh and
John Kinsella of Baltimore and Sister
Mary Baptista of Los Angeles. . Three
heirs, named, respectively, Bernard and
Lizzie McArdle and Mary Riley, who live
in this- city, also filed, receipts -of their!
certificates. Another Baltimore heir, Ann
Kinsella, did not receive her ¦ certificate,
and on making inquiries at the bank At-
It is at this point that the criminality
of Gross in the transaction begins. After
making the order of payment on, the back
of the certificates of deposit the papers
were handed to * Gross with instructions
to mail them to the heirs.
Several months ago Gross became inter
ested In the probate of the estate of the
late Bridget Kenny, in which Assistant
District Attorney John T. Greany was
counsel for the heirs. . The proceedings
were concluded some days since and an
order of distribution waa made by the
court. ¦ By this order an estate consisting
exclusively of cash amounting to $4291
was to be divided among seven heirs, each
to receive $613. Greany gave the. money
to Gross, with instructions, to deposit it
in the Crocker- Woolworth National Bank
in his (Greany's) name and to secure sev
en certificates of deposit in the sum of $613
each. This was done, and on receipt of
the . certificates - Gross gave them to
Greany, who thereupon wrote on the
back of each an order to pay the amount
specified in the certificate to the heir
named therein as payee. --..'.¦¦
Gross Secures the Certificates.
Gross is well known in this* city, hav
ing practiced with more or less success
in the local courts. He resided until six
months ago with his wife and three chil
dren in Oakland, when he removed to
San Francisco. He was a prominent fig
ure at some of the clubs, but a diligent
search of his haunts by Captain Sey
mour's detectives thus far has failed to
reveal any clew as to his whereabouts. •
The Information that Groes was wanted
by the police leaked out late last night,
notwithstanding every effort was made
to keep the circumstances of his.' flight
secret. Only essential details of the trans
action In -which Gross figures as principal
could be learned. Sufficient is known,
however, to render it certain that if ap
prehended he will . be vigorously prose
cuted on a criminal charge. • >
whereabouts and force him to an
swer a charge of fraudulently collecting
a certificate of deposit for $613 which had
been issued, to another party.
GROSS, former notary
/T , public, attorney and man about
(^ . town, Is missing: and the police
are now searching to discover his
ATTORNEY CHARLES GROSS DEGAMPS
AND POLICE ARE LOOKING FOR HIM
Former Notary Public *F*raj$^^
to Certificate of Deposit for $613, Inserts His Own,
Collects Money From an Oakland Bank and Disappears
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA^ 12, 1902.
;Vs
14
Baking Powder bet-
ter tkaoi acny other?
Because in its mammoth works a
corps of chemical experts is con-
stantly employed to test every ingre-
'dient and supervise every process of
manufacture to insure a product ab-
solutely pure, wholesome and perfect
in every respect. .
The most wholesome food and
the most digestible food are made
with Royal Baking Powder.
ROYAL BWCING POWDER CO, 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.
I* A KEAGEN'S PATENT DAV- 1
J -^iii^^J^m£. ZNPORT DIVAN AND- i
* 4^ iJ *' CHAIR FOLDING BED. I
It costs less than an Upright or Mantel Folding Bed and B
makes a handsome and useful article of furniture for parlor or sit- Eg
ting room, yet it includes a hair mattress and a convenient recen- H
,tacle for bedclothing. We make them in three sizes.: ¦ : ' i
Take advantage of our special discount sale only for a few / R
I days longer. H
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO., ;IOI5-IOI7 Market St., I
Tel. South 3T1. Opp. Taylor. I
This Side-Spring Wagon is for
small horses pr cobs, but we have
them, also, in larger sizes.
Unless ycu have been in the
store recently, our stock will sur-
prise you.- -.'.
Market. iahd Tciitii Strcot»,'f J
Patent roller process; "Horace Davis."
"Purity," Acme, usually $1 10; "Crown."
"Golden Gate," "Drifted Snow," "Sper-
ry's," "Port Costa," usually 95c; all QQj»
on sale, 50-pound sacks Ouu
FULL LINE OF LENTEN GOODS.
CURRANT JELLY ft£.™2& .. m
dozen 01 • IU
Order now; going fast. Single glass. 10c.
RANCH EGGS, dozen,
PU!I I QAIIPE Mrs. Faber's cele- fC*
unlLI OAUbt brated; pint bottle 103
An appetizing relish for good boarders.
GHIRARDELLI'S 25c COCOA, 20c
nnnPIQU .Very best Eastern; bone- C n
UUUrlon less; In 40-lb boxe 3 ; 1b... OC
FAT MACKEREL, 20c size, lU^c
JAPAN TEA ho A a s s p eT. s 15c
"Leader" brand. , -' i ' s>
CHERRIES IN MARASCHINO. JJ.fc
WALNUT CREAMS pi o s s t ry ; d f D^ 15s
American Biscuit Company's best.
HUNTER RYE WHISKEY, bottle, J),*>c'
PflV£ RY^TFR^ Genuine Bal-
UUfC UlOlLnO timore; full Cl OE
pound can; dozen uli/0
Every oyster large and plump. Usually
$1 CO.
TONIC PORT WINE, 7oc bottle. 50c
PORT AND SHERRY V.V.JU B r.->
6-year-old: gallon DOC
Rich In tone. High class wine. Faber'a
SCOTCH WHISKEY, $1 23 bottle, f)Oc
MEDICINAL WHISKEY .£"ffi£&|-
Old Government, Hermitage. Jesse Moore
AA, Old Crow; all genuine; quart QO«
lottles OZG
HAM ALWAYS SPECIAL AT FABER'S
SATURDAY NIGHTS-Our usual Best
Butter Sale.
Extra Specials at Store.
PHONE HOWARD. 1021.
'" ; , 113 TAYLOR ST.
CORE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
8X3 FOLSOM STIIE^T.
San Francisco Gas Coke for sale to families
and to the trade at reduced rates. ' / J
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOX ME*.
Established 1SSL Con-
sultation and private boo*
free at office- or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
ROTTCT-IFQ FOR barbers, bak.
JDXlU OXlJ-rfO '« bootblacks, bata-
houses. billiard table*.
fcnwfn. bookbinders, candy -makers, eanner i.
•ytra, flourmllU, foundries, laundries. pap«.--
hancer*. printers, painters, shoe factor!*.*.
lULUmia, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. et<x
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
IT EARNI AND .WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
£t ro^ele 1 * »nd renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to SI 50 day;
*5 to JfS week; $8 to $2O month. Free batni:
not and -cold water every room; fire grates ta
•very room: elevator runs all night.
TMa signature- la on every box of the gwmln«
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet* :\
«fe» remedy u»t ourea «Tc«M la •ne Hag, *
SFASON IQ02
This week we will show an immense iraDor-
tation of NEW FOULARD SILKS for the
present season, Then are from the best man-
ufacturers of this class of goods and are our
own exclusive designs.
23-INCH FJNE TWILL SATIN FINISH FOULARDS, In
small and medium designs 75c Yard
24-INCH PEAU DE SOIE FINISH FOULARDS; a large
varietu of designs In all the leading colors. 85c Yard
24-INCH SATIN LIBERTY FOULARDS, panne finish In
Old Rose, Reseda, Biscuit, Argent, National, Brown, etc.
... $1.25 Yard
24-INCH EXTRA FINE TWILL SATIN FINISH FOU-
LARDS, in large assortment of newest colorings
.,$1. 25 Yard
24-INCH SATIN LIBERTY FOULARDS, Jacauard_effectS,
in an elegant varletg of designs and colorings
$1.50 Yard
'• ¦* ' ¦ r^ a^ r^t V- j l i^"\ I j ¦¦ *
450 pairs LADIES' 4-BUTTON FRENCH KID GLOVES, In
light, medium and dark colors, former pries $1,50 pair.
The entire lot reduced to 75c Pair.
Mail orders promptly and carefulln execute!
and samples forwarded free to anu address.
111] 113. 115. 117, \\9, 121 POST STREET/
W*te?SHOE 1
©I Have uou ever 1$
•ffl tried a pair of the ll
M celebrated PHIT-U 13
m| $4,00 Shoes? m
fa Ifnot, a Yerypieas- Jj
Jm dnt 'surprise Is . In If
S& store. for you, Such tf
039 snuanessof fit; such gO
ri inexpressible go m-,fiW
ftf fort j. suGh ease of Ij
S3 'movement] such /Ir.
ujj iight-footedness, was ||0
tfy& never before made IS*
|$; possible in a shoe. It w
¦XI is supremely the per- SA
Ufl fectlon of hugienic fj(J
£8 shoe-making. Try a p|
JVI Write for catalogue of gjjr
ma the celebrated PHIT-U R|/|
JSj $4.00 . Shoes for . men — WCr
Vi SENT j FREE. Ym
Jg?E Manufacturers' R^k
II 9 and II SANSOME ST. Ef
%tfa Factory, 134-130 Main st., |£ff
•JT?H ¦ If J'our dealer does not carry B : .!S
VYH the PHIT "U Shoe write di- 1^1
M.vB rectly to the manufacturers. ¦,*»
|v| Delivered to. any rart of the flrV
f\m Unlted State s or Canada on re- W^r |
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
AJ) VESTISEMEN TS.